summarize:Opened 1st Bitcoin trade position, price currently misbehaving. Above is my current working chart. It shows a new Fibonacci retracement of the previous downtrend, the MACD indicator and fractal  symbols – these are historically significant high and low turning points. An explanation of Fib levels and the MACD can be found in Part 1 of my previous forecast. Also shown is my stoploss level, a major Support / Resistance line at $800 and the All Time High. My current trading plan, as well as previous plans, can be seen on my Trading View profile. I’d like to recommend Trading View again, they give you all the charts and tools necessary for Bitcoin trade analysis for free. Charts of the major Bitcoin and Litecoin markets, in a variety of currencies, are available. Finally, many skilled traders share their views and charts there; different perspectives are often helpful in keeping your objectivity. I bought in with 1/3 of my trading capital yesterday evening, as price broke above the previous fractal high on strong volume and the MACD gave a bullish signal. This morning, price pulled back to test the breakout line., summary=Bitcoin Price Analysis – Is It Worth It?, rouge=0.7692
summarize:Bitcoin was the means for Satoshi Nakamoto to reward participants to play his game. It was never meant to be standalone currency. That idea was conjured up by the players of the game. Every game community would like their in-game currency to have real world value. Play a game for money? Where do I sign up? What is being lost in this push to have corporations and governments grant Bitcoin as the holy grail of value storage, is a payment processing system has been created that trumps all predecessors. We now have a system of payment that can accept a percentage fee for even the most micro transaction. Before Bitcoin, we had Paypal and Western Union. The fixed costs in protecting and running those systems created a floor on transaction size. It was never worth it to send your buddy $2 when Paypal charged a minimum of $5 to act as agent on the transaction. Imagine further sending a wire for $2. The cost alone is $20 so this never made sense. We are headed down one of two paths. Either a group of wealthy people, organizations, governments rally around these coins and honor transactions among themselves (our present fiat currency system) or the coins start, summary=Satoshi Nakamoto's "Bitcoin" is the holy grail of value storage. a new payment processing system has been created that trumps all predecessors, rouge=1.4337
summarize:Mystery Chart showing Bitcoin price in USD on Gox (in logarithmic scale) plus Mystery Indicators. On August the 23rd of 2013, the so-called "Mystery Chart” thread was opened on BitcoinTalk. It shows a log scale of the Bitcoin price in USD on Gox, plus an unusual indicator. This indicator seems to plot a shallow sine wave, a moving average, an oscillator and... some frequencies? I really have no idea what that thing is, perhaps a Hilbert Sine Wave indicator with some mods, but it’s certainly interesting... Especially as it did a great job of calling the recent double top! The thread title said to sell in 115 days, just 11 days past the collapse of the double top formation. The thread’s author, bb113, describes his work as follows:The top chart is price up to the date of the post in log scale. It is only mt gox. The second is the mystery indicator which looks like it cycles with different periods, the strongest of which is 230.4 days. That is where the 115 day prediction came from. When mystery indicator is high it has been, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Gox and Mystery Indicators, rouge=1.5152
summarize:The Bitcoin price took a heavy hit today because of "Bitcoin being dragged down by BTC China, stops CNY deposits”, however, this could actually be great news for new investors and players in the Bitcoin industry. The Bitcoin price seems to have stabilized after the sudden drop to 500 to 600 USD per Bitcoins. I believe they might fall some more, but this is probably one of your best chances to buy Bitcoin while they are still below 1000 USD. Even though Bitcoins probably are done in China, they will still be used around the world (and in China). I believe that Bitcoins have a bright future, it was only healthy that the prices fell back some after the "hype” inflation. If you look at the graph above, you can see that we are now at our lowest since the big increase. Usually the market tends to boost back up after such a quick dip. Let’s see. This is a part of the Cryptocurrency Investment Club by CryptoCoinsNews.com. Join our FREE and EXCLUSIVE Cryptocurrency Investment Club! LIMITED memberships. Receive weekly analysis of different cryptocurrencies plus much more. Read more here and, summary=Bitcoin Price Taken a Heavy Hit by BTC China, Could Be Great for New Investors, rouge=0.738
summarize:When it comes to valuation of any commodity there are two main players in the game, producers and investors. Let’s take an example from the real world orange juice market. There are producers, the orange farmers, who utilize their land to create material commonly known as oranges. The primary requirements to produce oranges are land, farming equipment and labor. Add the cost of the resources together and the farmer has a base price in which he is willing to sell them. Orange juice manufacturers are buyers of the oranges to produce a good, orange juice, that we all enjoy from time to time. The orange juice manufacturer must include the price of the oranges into their calculation of cost of producing orange juice. Other factors include processing the oranges into orange juice, advertising, etc. Each player adds a buffer of profit into the equation and the final product is delivered to stores and eventually sold to customers. Investors in orange juice contracts offer a great hedging vehicle for all players in the process of producing orange juice. An investor buying orange juice contracts theoretically take ownership of the value of the finalized orange juice product at a price. If the cost of producing orange juice goes down, the willingness of investors to buy will, summary=orange juice contracts are a great hedging vehicle for all players in the process of producing juice, rouge=0.7407
summarize:This daily chart (price data courtesy of Bitcoin Wisdom) shows Bitcoin priced in USD over the Mt. Gox exchange. A clear double top pattern emphasises the high at $1250, where motivated sellers lurk. A break above this level and Bitcoin is back to the races. Following a weekend of initially unsettling news out of China (plus a little trash-talk from Alan "dot-com bubble” Greenspam), a big red candle reveals significant profit-taking after Bitcoin’s tremendous run-up from the "Silk Road seizure” low of $109. Taking DPR’s early, ugly October as our most recent low – and also as a clear signal to investors / speculators that Bitcoin’s value was largely independant of its infamous "seed market” – we draw a Fibonacci retracement up to the highs. These Fibonacci levels may seem arbitrary but price often exhibits a surprisingly magnetic attraction to them. In combination with established Support/Resistance levels, moving averages, large round numbers and other significant info or patterns, they’re, summary=Bitcoin Price Analysis: A Big Red Candle reveals Significant Profit-Taking, rouge=1.5094
summarize:As we are all aware of, if you want to keep on mining in the Bitcoin universe, you’ll need an ASIC miner sooner or later, if you want to be profitable that is. We’ve been through a passage of USB ASIC miners (the Block Erupters) which are now rapidly declining in price. It has recently come to my attention that there are 2 new ASIC’s announced, which are supposedly in stock. That is something you don’t see too often (but it has happened before). So let’s take a look at these two new Bitcoin ASIC’s, shall we? First up, we have the Red Fury USB miner. Yes, that’s right, a new USB miner. Although you can’t quite compare it to the Block Erupter, because it runs a lot faster, and is also carrying an entirely different chipset. Red Fury USB MinerThe Red Fury USB Miner contains a BitFury chip, which you might had already guessed by paying close attention to the device’s name. Why red, you wonder? Simple! They have a red led, summary=USB ASIC Miner: Red Fury, Block Erupter and BitFury, rouge=1.5444
summarize:This will erase everything from your computer. The folks at 4chan are well-known for their malicious pranks, with this being one of the newest. The image claims that all post-2009 Macs come with a Bitcoin miner built-in, and that it simply needs to be unlocked by typing a certain string in Terminal. First of all, it’s never a wise idea to type random stuff in Terminal/Command Prompt unless you know what you’re doing. This particular command simply reformats your hard drive. This isn’t the first time that 4chan trolls have tried to trick people into destroying their devices. A recent prank caused Xbox One users to brick their devices in the hopes of attaining backwards compatibility with Xbox 360 games. This puts your Xbox in a reboot loop, effectively bricking it. Another prank was designed to trick iPhone users into dropping their phones in water. A software update cannot make your phone waterproof. So in short, if something seems too good to be true, it usually is. Macs do not come with Bitcoin miners built in. But if you do want to mine on, summary=4chan prank: all post-2009 Macs come with a Bitcoin miner built-in, rouge=1.5152
summarize:Primecoin Mining is still mainly done on CPUs, with the ongoing spikes in interest regarding XPM it is now profitable to rent servers for pennies on the hour and put them to work mining XPM. Renting cloud services to mine is a great way to decentralize the mining network and add security to the network, as well as make some money on the side. I am going to show you how. What you will need:Paypal account or valid Credit Card. Primecoin (XPM) Address [from your personal primecoin client or from your preferred cryptocoin exchange]Internet connection First step! Digital Ocean is one of the more competitively priced simple cloud hosting services in the world; what’s more, Digital Ocean has explicitly stated that the mining of Primecoin is allowed on their servers and you will not be banned for your activities. Some other cloud services have not been so understanding. Create an account at www.digitalocean.com. Click the yellow Sign-Up button on the top-right of the webpage. Choose a secure email address and a password and you’re good to go. Once you are into your account, clicking anywhere will direct, summary=Primecoin Mining is now profitable to rent servers to mine XPM, rouge=1.5209
summarize:Wow. Such risk. Much pointless. Initially, these were the thoughts going through my head when I decided to buy some Dogecoins. However, as the owner of about 5000 Dogecoins, I regret nothing. First of all, those coins were worth about $3.00 at the time of purchase. Hardly a risk. Let me start by going through the process of purchasing my coins. There aren’t many exchanges that offer Dogecoin. Three that I knew of were Cryptsy, Coins-E, and CoinEx. Cryptsy was probably the worst in terms of overall experience. Everything about it was slow. Depositing my BTC took well over an hour. While the site claimed that deposits post after 4 confirmations, It ended up taking around 10. Next, I decided to buy as many DOGE as I could with my deposited BTC – about 1740. I placed my order and had to wait a couple of hours before my order was fulfilled. Finally, I decided to withdraw my newly purchased Dogecoins. The withdrawal was not instant, but instead took several more hours to be completed. As I, summary=Cryptsy, Coins-E, and CoinEx all offer Dogecoins. withdrawal took several hours, but was not instant, rouge=0.7634
summarize:Litecoin is the second most popular cryptocurrency after Bitcoin. Litecoin’s advantages over Bitcoin include its faster block confirmation times and scrypt hashing algorithm (to prevent ASIC mining). But will Litecoin ever see the massive success Bitcoin has seen and maybe even surpass it? Here’s what Litecoin creator Charles Lee has to say on the matter.[embedvideo id=”a9ibZ11vbcQ#t=345′′ website=”youtube”], summary=Litecoin is the second most popular cryptocurrency after Bitcoin, rouge=1.5686
summarize:A whole lot of Bitcoin holders have made bank on the cryptocurrency’s recent meteoric rise. But is it possible to make money from a falling Bitcoin price? Well, it is now! But let’s start at the beginning, by defining terms. In trading, a bet that price will fall is called a "short.” This is the opposite of a "long,” which is buying something in the expectation of a future price rise. Probably a lot of people reading this are long cryptocurrency, or at least thinking of going long. The old joke for people who’ve bet the farm on a long position is that they’re "long like John” (Holmes, the pornstar). OK, but taking out a short position on Bitcoin is problematic due to cryptocurrency being a bad fit for the process by which regular shorts work. You see, in order to short, you first borrow however many units of the instrument (be it a stock, currency; whatever) and then sell them into the market. To close out the short, you must then buy back the corresponding volume of the instrument. Simply put, you aim to sell high first and buy low later, summary=Cryptocurrency Shorts: Can You Make Money from a Falling Price?, rouge=0.7519
summarize:Cointrepreneurs around the world were sad to see Bitmit.net close their doors just a few days ago. The race to build infrastructure to allow Bitcoin to be converted directly to goods and services is very very competitive. Bitmit did a good job of emulating eBay’s model of auctions and some buyer and seller protection; however, Bitmit.net never did take off in the way that Bitcoiners had hoped. Furthermore, for many altcoin enthusiasts, the fact that Bitmit never got around to accepting Litecoin was also troubling. Have no fear! Coinmart.co is here. Coinmart is a cryptocurrency marketplace where users can buy or sell services and virutal/physical items. Coinmart offers a platform for both merchants and everyday users to buy and sell items or purchase services. From a merchant selling 100′s of ASIC Miners to a Web Developer offering services and even for a guy selling his 2 year old GPU, Coinmart has got you covered. Coinmart will connect you to buyers from all across the globe wanting to buy your product. Think of it like the Amazon for Cryptocurrencies. As, summary=Coinmart.co is a marketplace where users can buy or sell services and physical items. the platform is designed to connect you to buyers from all across the globe, rouge=1.444
summarize:Altcoins such as Litecoin and Ripple have proliferated since Bitcoin’s creation back in 2009, but J. R. Willet thinks his currency protocol can work as an add-on to Bitcoin’s blockchain. Willet’s creation, called MasterCoin, would essentially rest on top of Bitcoin, and currencies created via the protocol would all tie back to the original blockchain. This keeps altcoin users from competing financially with Bitcoin and "dilute our efforts,” he said. This allows anyone to create a coin that serves as an analog to an existing currency or commodity — say gold or a US dollar. Supply of each coin would be held in check with an escrow fund build into the coin’s protocol. If the value of the "commodity coin” surges up too high, the escrow fund will create new coins against MasterCoins. The reverse happens if the value dips too low, and coins will be destroyed. MasterCoin would also create "savings addresses,” which would allow for reverse transactions, something Bitcoin does not do. One big problem MasterCoin could cause would be on the blockchain, summary=J. R. Willet’s MasterCoin would essentially rest on top of Bitcoin and tie back to the original blockchain, rouge=1.4652
summarize:The digital currency and trading system PhenixCoin is on the edge – leading personalities cannot be allocated and contacted. The situation can be described as crucial for the currency that can be dated with this year’s May. The disappeared representatives are the developer, the community and PR managers of the currency from the UNOCS groups uniting three similar coin systems. The initial idea was rather interesting – the uniting principle might simplify the use, widen the capabilities of the exchange system PhenixEx of the same developer and maybe later open some more homepages offering customers online casino, poker, pool and other types of gambling. Many users and experts believe that the actions of the chairmanships were strange during the whole period of the establishment of the coin system/ strange decisions, not held dates and deadlines, mining of an extraordinary amount of coins might have led to such a result. The developer Michael Burns reasons his holding of distance from the community with problems having a private character. It is necessary to mention that his developed exchange system works with several other types of digital currency – among them bitcoins, WorldCoins (WDC) and already mentioned PhenixCoins. Dues to the current, summary=PhenixCoin is on the edge – leading personalities cannot be allocated and contacted, rouge=0.7634
summarize:Samuel Gibbs from The Guardian believes that many bitcoin users are hardly capable to name some alternative coins, based on the same or similar principles of production, encryption and use. According to the statistics, there are about 60 different crypto currencies available on the Global Network, some of them outliving a similar rise of popularity and price like their more successful and lucky peer. On the 29th of November the British journalist created his own list of the most remarkable and forth the attention coins that should be considered both by experienced activists and cautious beginners. Our portal allowed itself to observe his paper and comments to create a similar ranking, but using the opinions of different supporters on the web. According to the stats as on the 13th of December 2013 presented by the CoinMarketCap the top-5 consists of the following coins (see the image below). Particularly this group we will consider as the basics of our case study. More information of the next currency can be found on the developers’ pages or on forums. After Mr. Gibbs the most interesting among alternative coins are litecoin, Namecoin, Peercoin, Primecoin, Feathercoin, Novacoin, Infinitec, summary=The Guardian’s Samuel Gibbs Ranks Alternative Cryptocurrencies, rouge=1.5385
summarize:// /* */, summary=/* *// *./, rouge=0.0
summarize:Dear Bitcoin China (BTC China) Users:Recently, due to third-party payment companies in China disrupted and Bitcoin (BTC China) recharge channels, resulting in China Bitcoin (BTC China) is temporarily unable to provide RMB prepaid services. In this regard, on behalf of China Bitcoin (BTC China) expressed deep regret for the inconvenience, please understand. We are actively seeking other recharge methods. Currently, in addition to recharge RMB, the yuan withdrawals, recharge and withdrawals Bitcoin service as usual, may be slightly delayed during peak hours. We have enough for the user bits and the RMB currency withdrawals. Today Bitcoin China (BTC China) formally launched a new product, "currency lock” – the most secure online bitcoin wallet. "Currency lock” the safest way to store the user’s offline Bitcoin, a process known as cold storage, it can ensure that your wallet will not be stolen by hackers online. Your "money locked” account we have bank-level security protection. In the future, China Bitcoin (BTC China) users can send your bitcoins safely stored in bitcoins China (, summary=China Bitcoin (BTC China) Launches Cryptocurrency Lock, rouge=1.5385
summarize:Check out Shopify’s blog post about accepting Bitcoins here. Shopify lists these benefits of Bitcoin:Customers from around the world can check out with digital currency. The currency works just like cash. Transactions cannot be reversed by the buyer (unlike credit cards or PayPal). You can choose to receive your payments in Bitcoins (paid into your Bitcoin wallet) or paid in your local currency directly into your bank account every business day. Transactions are secure and meet the highest standards for ecommerce security. The functionality of Shopify’s Bitcoin integration comes from their partnering with BitPay. Though eventually merchants may be able to cut out the middlemen altogether it is good to see more traditional payment processors stepping up to work with Bitcoin. The community response from Bitcoiners on Reddit has been overwhelmingly supportive. One redditor even reports four separate BTC purchaes from his merchants website through Shopify since adding the functionality. The best part is that these are all small businesses from around the world that can now shake free of the shackles of Visa, Mastercard, and Paypal. Though said businesses may need to keep ties with those archaic payment processors for, summary=Shopify Accepts Bitcoin Payments from Around the World, rouge=1.5326
summarize:In response to the recent People’s Bank of China [PBOC] statement, BTC China has started requiring ID verification for all of its users. Upon logging in, you will be prompted for a Chinese ID and if you are an international customer, your passport number will be required instead. While Reddit users have reported that any random combination of numbers with the correct length for your corresponding country’s passport number will suffice, it is incredibly likely that these numbers and the rest of your given information will be passed onto the Chinese government at some point, so act accordingly. The recent statement by the PBOC has triggered China Telecom and Baidu’s Jiaselu service to stop their previous acceptance of Bitcoin, rumors abound of other merchants dropping their support of Bitcoin in the recent tumult surrounding released statements from the PBOC. While this is merely a short term damper on Bitcoin prospects in China, the statement actually reveals more good than bad for the future path of Bitcoin in China. The future is bright, but for now if you don’t feel safe with your BTC in a Chinese exchange, now is, summary=China Telecom and Baidu’s Jiaselu Service Stop Accepting Bitcoin, rouge=1.5444
summarize:, summary=U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), rouge=0.7937
summarize:Indonesia is a country of nearly 240 million people. Unfortunately, many of its inhabitants lack access to traditional banking services. In fact, Perbanas, Indonesia’s National Banking Association, considers the state of the banking industry "a failure” since more than half of the population has no access to banking. Perbanas chairman Sigit Pramono said,"The access to banking is far lower than telecommunication.”Only 40% of the population has gained access to the banking industry while telecommunication has a 102% penetration (due to multiple SIM card ownership). Bitcoin might just be the perfect solution to what G20 calls Indonesia’s "emerging economy”. Bitcoin would bypass traditional banks entirely since Bitcoin allows one to "be your own bank”, so to speak. So far, Indonesia hasn’t really shown up on the Bitcoin scene. Many users rely on LocalBitcoins to purchase BTC in cash. International exchanges like Mt. Gox tend to be avoided with new accounts taking several months to verify. However, a new local exchange is making headlines – Bitcoin.co.id. Bitcoin.co.id isn’, summary=Indonesia’s Banking Industry is a "Failure" as 40% of the population has no access to banking, rouge=0.7353
summarize:This is a major step forward for the cryptocurrency market. We need merchants to accept the currency for it to have staying power. CheapAir.com has taken the leap and it feels like the first time I booked on Priceline 15 years ago. The buzz is so exciting and it feels much like when the internet became mainstream. From the CheapAir.com Website: http://www.cheapair.com/blog/travel-news/book-your-flights-on-cheapair-with-bitcoin-virtual-currency/ We are excited to announce that we’re the first online travel agency in the world to accept Bitcoin, an entirely digital currency, as a method of payment for flights on CheapAir.com! If you have not been following the Bitcoin craze, rest assured—you can still purchase flights using credit card or Western Union—but if you have been following the Bitcoin trend, we hope you’re as intrigued as we are with this progressive form of digital payment. The idea came to us a few months ago, and we’re proud to say it ignited directly from a customer inquiry to one of our Travel Advisors: Can, summary=CheapAir.com is the first online travel agency to accept Bitcoin as a payment method, rouge=0.7491
summarize:Our source. Do you think other countries will follow?, summary=Our source. Do you think other countries will follow?, rouge=0.0
summarize:Bitcoin could be the most efficient means of moving fiat around the world. International RemittancesBefore we delve into the promise of Domestic remittances, we must understand the hype behind International remittances. International remittances have been growing every year, and many consider it to be a "killer app” for Bitcoin. One noticeable example of a startup rising up to face this challenge is Buttercoin. About Buttercoin, Bloomberg’s Businessweek had this to say:The company is working with licensed money transmitters in several countries to establish software systems in which currencies can be automatically converted—first into Bitcoin, then into another currency. Buttercoin will focus on a few markets at first, such as the $3.4 billion in annual remittances sent from from Canada to India. The company says it will take a commission of less than 1 percent. Any business that plans to be international in scope and legal compliance has many hurdles in front of them, so it’s a good thing Buttercoin has international support. However, from this small case study we can appreciate the inherent difficulty in establishing an, summary=International Remittances Could Be the Most Effective Way to Transfer Fiat, rouge=0.7634
summarize:This week, Wayi International announced Wmall will begin accepting Bitcoins early next year. From their statement it looks like Wayi wants to take it one step further and establish the first Taiwan Bitcoin Exchange. Taiwan News: Talk of the Day — Bitcoin to be introduced in Taiwan"Wayi International Digital Entertainment Co. announced Wednesday that its online shopping site Wmall will begin to accept Bitcoin payments next year. The OTC (over-the-counter) market-listed company, which focuses on the research, development and distribution of online games, will be the first Taiwanese company to accept the decentralized virtual currency as a payment tool. Financial analysts said Wayi’s decision will test the Central Bank of the Republic of China‘s (CBC’s) attitude toward Bitcoin development in Taiwan and its ability to regulate the currency’s circulation. CBC Governor Perng Fai-nan said recently that the central bank has been keeping close tabs on the development of Bitcoin, a new kind of money circulating among a specific group of people. Some see Bitcoin as a digital commodity while others view it as a digital currency. It is run in a decentralized peer-to-, summary=Wayi International Announces Wmall to Accept Bitcoin Next Year, rouge=0.7663
summarize:The emblem of the Peoples’ Republic of China. Editor’s Note: BTC China has been dropped by Tenpay, the 2nd largest third party payment processor in China after Alipay, and is currently using Yeepay (an obscure smaller third party payment processor) for deposits and withdrawals. BTC China is also located in a special zone in Shanghai and it is my opinion that BTC China will continue legal operations in the best interest of their users; however, the waters in the meantime will be tumultuous. The timeline is this: By Chinese New Years, Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges will have to have found new ways for users to deposit and withdraw.. virtual commodity payment processors anyone? The Bitcoin chart remains somewhat precarious following the latest round of news and rumours out of China. All markets hate uncertainty, so we hope this article goes some way towards providing clarity. This article, appearing on Sina.com – "the largest Chinese-language infotainment web portal,” according to Wikipedia, was in serious need of translation. Our Chief Editor, Caleb Chen, has obliged by providing the following translation:The Central bank prescribes that third party payment institutions are, summary=BTC China Dropped by Tenpay, is currently using Yeepay for deposits and withdrawals, rouge=0.7722
summarize:You are what your liabilities say you are. I had the privilege to meet with a very well respected economist yesterday, and he explained this undeniable fact. You are what your liabilities say you are. What does this mean? Let’s take a look under the hood of a global giant, McDonald’s. A McDonald’s franchise in Spain accepts Euros from customers and pays their supply chain, building costs and labor in Euros. McDonald’s is a US domiciled company and reports quarterly earnings in USD and ultimately pays their shareholders in USD. At the moment a customer buys a hamburger in the Madrid, McDonald’s in reality owns Euros. Needless to say, McDonald’s is better than most at mass hamburger production, but currency speculation? Financial markets have created vehicles to make transferring Euros to USD, and USD to Euros very easy for McDonald’s. The spot EUR/USD market is quoted as much in the news as any major financial index. When someone travels between the US and Europe, many times the currency exchange rate is a topic of discussion. So when McDonald’s sells a hamburger in Euros, they can easily find, summary=McDonald’s: You are what your liabilities say you are, rouge=0.7519
summarize:Add this to the list of things you can do with Bitcoin. Nordorthopaedics, a Lithuanian orthopaedic surgery clinic in the capital city of Vilnius, just recently announced that it would provide its services for Bitcoin. This includes services such as total hip replacements, knee replacements, foot and ankle surgery, and hand and wrist surgery. Why are they choosing to accept payments in Bitcoin? To quote Nordorthopaedics’ spokesperson Jekaterina Kirpa,"Transactions in bitcoin are sent easily via the Internet, and there is no need to rely on any third party. Also, there are little to no transaction fees.”Furthermore, Kirpa adds,"Our surgeons have more experience than many other doctors in Western clinics.”Yet procedures at the clinic can often be significantly cheaper than the same procedures elsewhere. For this reason, many customers find travelling to Vilnius an attractive choice instead of getting treated in their home countries. Professional liability insurance is quite a bit cheaper in Lithuania than in other countries like the US, making healthcare cheaper there. Since treatments at Nordorthopaedics are already cheap, the clinic currently, summary=Lithuanian Orthopaedic Clinic Accepts Bitcoin Payments, rouge=0.7692
summarize:People around the world recognize this white font against the blue background. Jeopardy! Jeopardy! is currently in its 30th season and has won just as many Daytime Emmy Awards since its inception in America all those decades ago. Nowadays, the American family experience of crowding around the "telly” to watch Alex Trebek has been passed on to the next generation with Jeopardy’s Kids Week, and around the world with many regional syndicated versions of Jeopardy. Jeopardy has been voted by TV Guide to be the number one Game show of all time... This must mean that Jeopardy! is an even better barometer of American [Western] cultural knowledge than even The Simpsons, whom also recently mentioned Bitcoin. Now, in Reddit and Bitcointalk discussion, Bitcoiners have pointed out again and again that the iconic white and blue question displayed on the "telly” could be answered by "Litecoin” or "Primecoin” or even "Ripple.” However, a little more familiarity with the world’s greatest game show ever reveals that this special hint,A, summary=Jeopardy! is the #1 Game Show in the World, according to a new report, rouge=1.5267
summarize:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ1YI2H3O-Q, summary=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ1YI2H3O-Q, rouge=0.0
summarize:Sunday night is a big night for Americans, for the last 24 straight years The Simpsons has been entertaining audiences of varied ethnic makeup and even more varied intelligence levels. Academic researchers and couch potatoes around the world agree that The Simpsons is an adequate barometer of the American culture with all its goods and its bads. Could any of you, my readers, have imagined that Bitcoin would be mentioned on The Simpsons of all shows? After all these years, Bitcoin is finally enough of a mainstay in the culture to be made fun of on The Simpsons. My bet’s on an angsty script writer that himself/herself lost some money on the Bitcoin markets in the last few days. A bit of advice to Krusty: You don’t actually lose anything unless you panic sell. Enjoy the clip and have a cryptic day, mis amigos! Lisa Simpson: "Krusty, are you broke?”Krusty the Klown: "Yeaaaah, all it takes is some bad luck at the ponies, worse luck in the Bitcoin markets, and heavy investments in a high-end book mark company.”, summary=The Simpsons is a big night for American culture with all its goods and its bads, rouge=1.4981