summarize:a group of journalists who left the denver post over conflicts with the paper’s owner has joined a blockchain based startup that hopes to operate 1,000 publications this year, according to the new york times. the former denver post staffers will partner with a startup called civil media company, whose sole investor is consensys, a blockchain technology company founded by joseph lublin, co-founder of ethereum. the new publication will have a website with data written into a blockchain. civil media company plans to introduce a token this summer called cvl to help fund new media groups. purchasers of cvl will be able to vote on whether its websites are meeting civil’s journalism standards, as detailed in its constitution. editorial independencecivil media company chief executive matthew iles said that by offering ownership shares to the public, the company removes the chance of, title=paris hilton’s hotel mogul father to sell $38 million mansion for cryptocurrency, summary=former denver post staffers join blockchain startup to run 1,000 publications this year, bleu=0.0309
summarize:playboy enterprises, the parent company of playboy magazine, is suing cryptocurrency company global blockchain technologies (gbt) on allegations of fraud and breach of contract, according to a report from l. a. times. the company had announced a partnership with gbt earlier in march, upon revealing that it was developing an online payment wallet with cryptocurrency support across its chain of businesses. the idea was to trial the adoption of a new cryptocurrency called vice industry token (vit) with a new wallet on playboy. tv before expanding to other entertainment media channels and platforms owned by the company. the lifestyle brand had also suggested that customers will be able to earn and pay vice tokens to view content, as well as to comment and vote for content. according to the report in l. a times, playboy enterprises had filed a lawsuit in the los angeles county superior court, where it claimed to have, title=playboy sues cryptocurrency company for breach of contract, summary=Playboy Suits Cryptocurrency Company for Fraud and Breach of Contract, bleu=0.0499
summarize:hardware and software giant microsoft reportedly brought back bitcoin payments after "working to ensure lower amounts would be redeemable.” per news.com.au, a company spokeswoman released a statement revealing the move after working with its provider, presumably to ensure customer satisfaction wasn’t affected by the bitcoin network’s current high fees and volatility. as reported earlier this week, microsoft surprised the cryptocurrency community by quietly halting bitcoin payments. the move, first reported by bleeping computer, was confirmed by the company’s customer support team to ccn. according to a company spokesperson, microsoft seemingly decided to halt bitcoin payments in july 2017, due to "multiple issues” they were receiving. when pressed, customer support revealed a problem with processing bitcoin payments. despite microsoft’s move, a how-to page remained up its website explaining how users could top up their accounts with, title=microsoft restores bitcoin payments after temporary pause, summary=microsoft Brings Back Bitcoin Payments after “Working to Ensure Lower amounts Would Be Redeemable”, bleu=0.0338
summarize:gmo internet, a leading japanese internet services provider that offers online services including cryptocurrency trading, has developed "cryptochips by gmo” to enable distribution of cryptocurrency as remuneration within games, according to an announcement on its website. cryptochips, which will initially support bitcoin, will allow players to receive cryptocurrency as "secret pocket money” based on players’ rankings within the game or when they acquire items or achieve missions. the players must have their own cryptocurrency wallets to receive the cryptocurrency. first offering available in augustcryptochips’ first initiative will be in august in "whimsical war,” a real-time territorial battle game. cryptochips will distribute bitcoin in accordance with player rankings. in whimsical war, the placement of characters on the battlefield is key to winning the game. players can form tag teams and engage in tag team battles. cryptochips, which will be, title=japan’s gmo launches app to reward gamers in bitcoin, summary=“Cryptochips by gmo” Will Allow Players to Receive Bitcoin as remuneration within Games, bleu=0.0309
summarize:a tokyo-based real estate firm is selling a small commercial building for 547 bitcoin, or $6 million. it is said to be the first building in japan to be sold using bitcoin. bitcoin for large transactionsduring an interview with south korean mainstream media outlet mk, a japanese real estate startup yitanzi stated that it is selling various properties including a small commercial building and apartment spaces for cryptocurrencies. the startup’s cto yokozawa yuske stated that an increasing number of investors in the local cryptocurrency space have started to eye the country’s real estate market, primarily to spend profits they have amassed from cryptocurrency investment over the past few years. yuske noted that there are also many investors in the local real estate market looking to sell multi-million dollar properties in exchange for bitcoin, because it is difficult to purchase massive amounts of bitcoin, title=547 bitcoins: $6 million commercial japanese building in tokyo will be sold with bitcoin, summary=Tokyo Real Estate Firm Sells $6 Million Commercial Building for Bitcoin, bleu=0.0485
summarize:two california democrats running for congress are at odds over one’s decision to accept bitcoin contributions. in his campaign ad, ex-sec attorney dave min slammed former barack obama aide brian forde for accepting btc political donations."brian forde’s big donors? bitcoin speculators who oppose cracking down on drug deals and human trafficking,” min’s ad trumpeted. the video suggested that cryptocurrencies are only good for illegal activities, and that crypto investors are all potential criminals. in the ad viewed by motherboard, forde’s smiling face is superimposed against a grainy background image of a menacing-looking hacker in a hoodie. dave min’s campaign ad featuring brian forde. (image credit: motherboard)the, title=fmr. obama aide attacked for taking bitcoin contributions for political campaign, summary=california democrats slam former obama adviser for accepting bitcoin donations, bleu=0.0452
summarize:wemakeprice, better known as wemepu, one of south korea’s largest e-commerce platforms, is integrating 12 cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin in collaboration with bithumb, the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchange. first major retailer and e-commerce platform in south koreaaccording to local mainstream media outlets, wemakeprice is cooperating with bithumb on adding cryptocurrencies to its existing payments platform onethepay. once the integration is complete, existing wemakeprice users will be able to purchase items and services using cryptocurrencies. while bithumb is leading the integration process of various cryptocurrencies into the system of wemakeprice, users do not have to be registered with bithumb to use cryptocurrencies on the wemakeprice platform. since cryptocurrencies will be integrated into its existing infrastructure, users can pay for goods using the, title=south korea’s largest e-commerce platform is integrating 12 cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, summary=South Korea’s Largest E-Commerce Platform Integrates 12 Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.038
summarize:arizona just advanced its ranking among blockchain-friendly states, bringing corporations one step closer to submitting all of their data on distributed ledger technology. governor doug ducey has signed house bill 2603, or the corporations/blockchain technology bill, as an amendment to the arizona revised statutes, which already supports "signatures and records secured through blockchain technology and smart contracts.” with the amendment, data that’s stored and shared by corporations on the blockchain also becomes valid. arizona’s blockchain bill was first introduced to the house in february and passed the state legislature in a matter of weeks. hb 2603 received strong support from lawmakers, including unanimous support from the senate and only a handful of "nay” votes in the house. the bill was transmitted to governor ducey’s desk in late march, where he signed it into law on april, title=retailer adoption of bitcoin is growing in the us and canada, despite price fall, summary=arizona Governor Signs Blockchain-Friendly Legislation Amendment, bleu=0.0
summarize:chilean cryptocurrency exchange crypto mkt has recently announced that the country’s citizens can now buy products and services with cryptocurrency from over 5,000 merchants through a new integration with a crypto payment processor. according to the announcement, a partnership between crypto mkt and online payments platform flow.cl allowed the merchants to add cryptocurrency payment options through a platform called cryptocompra.com. cryptocompra’s platform is available in chile, argentina, brazil, and europe, and lets customers pay businesses using bitcoin, stellar, or ethereum, while letting merchants receive their payments in pesos, the country’s fiat currency. from crypto mkt’s end, there’s a guarantee fund that ensures payments made in crypto aren’t affected by significant price fluctuations. the announcement reads (roughly translated):"there, title=5,000 merchants can now accept cryptocurrency payments in chile, summary=China’s Cryptocurrency Exchange Cryptomkt Adds 5,000 Merchants to Crypto Payment Platform, bleu=0.0375
summarize:transfergo, a london-based remittance service, has become the first remittance provider to offer a cryptocurrency trading service, and will offer bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, litecoin and xrp, in response to a strong demand for cryptocurrency, according to bloomberg. daumantas dvilinskas, founder and ceo of transfergo, expanded on what he called a strong demand for cryptocurrencies in a podcast interview with daybreak europe’s nejra cehic and markus karlsson."our clients wanted it,” dvilinskas said. customers, when asked, said they wanted to buy cryptocurrencies. transfergo has more than 65,000 users and is adding 1,000 new customers daily. meeting a customer needmore than 4,000 users have signed up for the new service, title=london remittance firm launches cryptocurrency trading service, says crypto’s ‘here to stay’, summary=london-based remittance service Transfergo to Offer Cryptocurrency Trading, bleu=0.0389
summarize:bitcoin cash has been confirmed as the second cryptocurrency payment option by subscription model pay-tv provider, dish. as announced on the company’s website, in addition to bitcoin which was adopted in 2014 as a payment system, subscribers can now pay for services using bitcoin cash. since 1980, dish network corporation has played a significant role in the evolution of pay-tv. the company provides services to millions of customers across the globe through its numerous subsidiaries. the services include satellite dish tv and streaming sling tv services. the company also operates a national in-home installation workforce and advertising solutions among other services. maintaining brand versatilitythe adoption of bitcoin cash by dish happens at a time when the company is also migrating to bitpay as a new blockchain payment processor for cryptocurrency transaction with customers. john swieringa, executive vice president and chief operating officer of dish, notes that the addition of bitcoin cash as, title=satellite tv giant dish network now accepts bitcoin cash, summary=Dis Announces Bitcoin Cash as Second Cryptocurrency Payment Option, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrencies are already used to pay college and university tuition fees, buy lamborghinis, and pay for space travel. now you can also assist in protecting journalists and whistleblowers by donating to the freedom of the press foundation (fpf) using bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, litecoin, and zcash. the donations will support current projects of the free speech nonprofit including securedrop, a whistleblower platform that allows journalists to get messages and documents from sources anonymously. other projects that fpf is currently involved in include the us press freedom tracker, a site dedicated to counting and documenting press freedom violations that occur in the united states. fpf is also the fiscal sponsor of encrypted phone call and text message app, signal. more than $500,000 donated alreadyalready the san francisco, california-based free speech organization has received a, title=freedom of the press foundation now accepts cryptocurrency donations, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and zcash Donate to Freedom of the Press Foundation, bleu=0.0526
summarize:playboy enterprises, inc. has announced it is launching its own cryptocurrency as part of an online payment wallet under development. the wallet will service the company’s digital media and casual gaming businesses and will accept other cryptocurrencies in addition to its own. the first of the company’s platforms to feature the new wallet will be playboy. tv. the wallet will accept playboy’s vice industry token (vit) for access to exclusive content. customers will pay and earn vit tokens to view original content. customers will also be able t o comment on and vote for content. more flexible payment options"as the popularity of alternative payment methods continues to grow around the world, along with the reach of playboy’s digital platforms, we felt it was important to give our 100 million monthly consumers increased payment flexibility,” reena patel, the company’s chief commercial officer and head of operations, said in a prepared, title=playboy to launch its own cryptocurrency, accept others for adult content, summary=Playboy Launches Cryptocurrency as Part of Online Payment Wallet, bleu=0.0
summarize:reddit no longer accepts bitcoin payments for its premium membership program, reddit gold, although the feature may return to the social media platform in the future. last week, a reddit user noticed that he or she was unable to use bitcoin to gift another user a reddit gold subscription, a common way to show appreciation for a witty or informative post. the platform first began accepting bitcoin payments for reddit gold subscriptions in feb. 2013, when the cryptocurrency was trading at less than $25 — and coinbase was boasting that it had processed $1 million worth of trades in a month — and the company also accepted btc at redditmarket, its now-shuttered merchandise store. at present, though, users can only purchase reddit gold with paypal and credit cards. source: redditresponding to the post, reddit admin, title=reddit disables bitcoin payments amid coinbase commerce overhaul, but are they gone forever?, summary=Reddit No longer Accepts Bitcoin Payments for its Premium Membership Program, bleu=0.0
summarize:barely two months after announcing that it would start accepting donations in cryptocurrency, east london’s shacklewell lane mosque has received more contributions in cryptocurrency compared to cash. according to inews, the dalston, east london-based mosque collected donations amounting to approximately £13,983 in cryptocurrency. this was four times more than the value of contributions that were received in cash – £3,460. during the muslim fasting period of ramadhan, 24 cryptocurrency donations were received by the mosque. one individual gave as much as £5,200 in cryptocurrencies. per the mosque’s website, the accepted cryptocurrencies are bitcoin and ethereum. doubters proved wrongthe chairman of the mosque, erkin guney, expressed excitement at the initiative’s success despite the fact that there was a lot of skepticism initially."when the, title=uk’s crypto-accepting mosque raises more cryptocurrency donations than cash, summary=shacklewell lane mosque receives £13,983 in cryptocurrency donations compared to cash, bleu=0.0891
summarize:the bitcoin price once again dipped below $8,000 on tuesday, demonstrating an inability to break out of its prolonged slump. the wider markets failed to fare much better, placing the cryptocurrency market cap at risk of descending below the $300 billion marksource: coinmarketcapat present, the market has an aggregate value of $301.8 billion, down from $320.4 billion on monday. this translates into a single-day index decline of six percent. bitcoin price enters sub-$8,000 territorythe bitcoin price continued to trend down on tuesday. the flagship cryptocurrency has spent the majority of the day hovering around the $8,000 mark, and while it has thus far resisted further downward pressure it is unclear whether this support level will hold. at the time of writing, the bitcoin price was trading at $7,945 on bitfinex, which translated into a $135.4 billion market cap, title=6,000 south korean outlets to make cryptocurrencies available by q2 2018, summary=Bitcoin Price Dips Below $8,000 as Crypto Markets Fail to Break Out, bleu=0.0309
summarize:the adhesion of the blockchain or distributed ledger technology (dlt) among big companies worldwide has generated a real "ledger running” mainly among companies in the technology sector. google, microsoft and amazon are just a few of the world’s giants looking to deploy new solutions that use blockchain to provide more security, reliability and new features for building an increasingly connected world. however, noting this new data market, companies like bosch, volkswagen, continental, usually associated with hardware solutions, are also developing implementations for the promising internet of things (iot) industry. it is a market that, according to statistics, must have more than 75 billion connected devices interacting with each other in different ways. fujitsu, a japanese company with more than 156,000 employees worldwide, is also noting this market and announced this week the opening of its first blockchain innovation center, located in, title=japanese luxury car dealer accepts bitcoin payments up to $1 million, summary=Google, microsoft, Amazon, Volvo, Continental and others are Embracing the Blockchain, bleu=0.0
summarize:the world’s biggest sporting event is just a few months away and fans are flocking to online websites to book their seats in russia. luckily for crypto users, kaliningrad, one of the cities hosting the matches, is now offering cryptocurrency payments for hotel rooms. buying business travel russia reported that apartments malina has teamed up with the online payment system, free-kassa, to allow users to purchase rooms with cryptocurrencies. a total of four matches will be played in kaliningrad on jun. 16, 22, 25 and 28. according to a rough translation, apartments malina’s manager, anna subbotina said:"crypto-currencies are now enjoying increased interest. gradually they will come into use as a means of payment. and we decided that the fans should be able to pay for our services with the help of this innovative technology. it may very well be, title=to russia with bitcoin: hotels will accept cryptocurrency during the world cup, summary=kaliningrad to Offer Cryptocurrency Payments for Hotel Rooms, bleu=0.0296
summarize:while not as widely used as those made for fiat currency, cryptocurrency atms remain a popular medium for buying and selling cryptocurrency such as bitcoin. today marks a milestone, as there are now over 3,500 bitcoin atms installed and operational around the world. atm count breaks the 3,500 markthe latest data from coinatmradar — a leading authority that tracks bitcoin atm locations — shows the slump in bitcoin prices hasn’t had much impact in the rate at which crypto atms are being installed and used across the world. the data shows there are currently 3,503 bitcoin atms across the globe, as of press time. out of these installed atms, 1,846 (about 52.7 percent) support altcoins with 49 percent and 32.1 percent of these atms supporting litecoin and ether, respectively. this new milestone comes 17 months after the total number of bitcoin at, title=there are now more than 3,500 bitcoin atms worldwide, summary=Over 3,500 Bitcoin Atms Are Installed and Operated Around the World, bleu=0.0375
summarize:computer hardware retailer newegg has begun accepting bitcoin payments in canada. newegg — which has approximately 36 million customers and was one of the first well-known companies to accept cryptocurrency payments — made the announcement on tuesday, explaining that bitcoin payments have represented a "small but growing stream of purchase transactions” in the us and that the retailer wanted to make the feature available to canadian customers as well."in 2014 newegg was among the first major companies to offer customers a bitcoin payment option,” said danny lee, newegg’s ceo. "since that time the value of bitcoin has skyrocketed and customers holding bitcoin have considerably more purchasing power. we believe the time is right to broaden our acceptance of bitcoin to our customers in canada.”like most merchants, newegg does not accept the cryptocurrency directly. rather, it uses bitpay, a third-party payment processor, who, title=retail giant newegg expands bitcoin payments to canada, summary=Computer Hardware Retailer Newegg Accepts Bitcoin Payments in Canada, bleu=0.0
summarize:digital payments firm square has won a patent for a payment network that allows merchants to accept payments in any currency, including bitcoin or another cryptocurrency. square wins patent for crypto payment networkpublic documents published on aug. 21 show that the u. s. patent & trademark office (uspto) has approved square’s application to patent a system that allows merchants to accept cryptocurrencies alongside conventional payment methods and cash out in their currency of choice. the san francisco-based firm first filed for the patent in sept. 2017. from the patent:"the disclosed technology addresses the need in the art for a payment service capable of accepting a greater diversity of currencies...including virtual currencies including cryptocurrencies (bitcoin, ether, etc.)...than a traditional payment system in a transaction between a customer and a merchant, and specifically for a payment service to solve or ameliorate problems, title=bitcoin accepted [everyw]here: square wins patent for cryptocurrency payment network, summary=Square Approves Patent for Crypto Payment Network, bleu=0.0242
summarize:bitbond, an online bank founded in germany in 2013 by german radoslav albrecht, has found an innovative use case for bitcoin’s borderless nature: international loan payments. it was the first to use bitcoin to transfer credit in currency internationally, not only as loan collateral, and it’s currently processing about $1 million in loan payments per month. as the company explains on its website:"by innovating in the fields of payments and credit scoring, bitbond makes financial inclusion a reality around the world. all payment transactions on bitbond are conducted via the bitcoin blockchain. therefore our service is available worldwide via the internet and is independent of banks.”while many outsiders (and even hodlers) see bitcoin as only a highly speculative asset, bitbond has found a business model that competes with traditional systems. using bitcoin came as a smart move for albrecht as an alternative to the swift payment system,, title=german online bank dismisses swift, favors bitcoin for international money lending, summary=Bitbond is the First Bank to Use Bitcoin for International Loan Payments, bleu=0.0339
summarize:yamada denki, one of the largest consumer electronics retail chains in japan, has launched bitcoin payments at two tokyo-based stores before a planned nationwide rollout in all its stores. launched over the weekend, the retailer is now accepting bitcoin at a store based in shinjuku, a major commercial center that houses the one-half of the world’s busiest railway station and location that sees plenty of foreign visitors according to the retailer. the second store is located adjacent to tokyo’s primary business district. the retailer threw its support for bitcoin adoption among consumers, stating:"in addition to diversifying means, we will implement initiatives to improve bitcoin recognition and usage promotion. with the introduction of bitcoin payment service, we respond to the diverse needs of our customers both in japan and overseas.”payments in bitcoin will see a cap of 300,000 yen ($2,670, title=bitcoin accepted! japanese electronics retail giant begins crypto payments, summary=Japan’s Largest Retail Chain Launches Bitcoin Payments at Two Tokyo Stores, bleu=0.0
summarize:the maltese parliament will be passing the three cryptocurrency and blockchain bills through their second reading later on today, ccn can exclusively reveal. this important development was announced by parliamentary secretary for digital innovation silvio schembri in his opening speech at the malta institute of management cryptocurrency considerations for management conference. these bills are fast making malta into a crypto space of choice for investors and company owners who are interested in finding a favourable jurisdiction to set up their cryptocurrency or blockchain business. renowned exchanges such as binance, dqr and okex have already announced their setting up in malta. below is a brief description of each bill. the virtual financial assets act (vfa)this vfa deals with the regulation of initial coin offerings (ico) and states that projects attracting funding through ico are obliged to publish white papers. these are a prerequisite imposed, title=breaking new ground: south africa gets its first bitcoin atm, summary=Maltese Parliament to Pass 3 Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Bills, bleu=0.0
summarize:zac cheah, the ceo at pundi x, a crypto pos (point-of-sale) machine manufacturer and developer, has said that the global cryptocurrency sector will be equipped with more than 100,000 crypto pos machines by 2021. in an interview with zdnet korea, cheah said:"in the next three years, at least 100,000 crypto pos machines will be distributed. in the past six months, merchants have requested 25,000 crypto pos machines from pundi x.”targeting merchant adoptionas starbucks chairman howard schwartz previously said, multi-billion dollar conglomerates outside of the cryptocurrency and finance sector are currently skeptical toward digital assets like bitcoin and ether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum blockchain protocol, due to their lack of merchant adoption. he said:"i personally believe that there is going to, title=crypto retail pos developer to distribute 100,000 machines globally by 2021, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Will Need 100,000 Crypto pos Machines by 2021, bleu=0.0903
summarize:dallas mavericks owner mark cuban said that the nba team will accept bitcoin beginning next year. dallas mavericks to accept bitcoin ‘next season’the billionaire entrepreneur and "shark tank” investor made the announcement on twitter, responding to a question from a fan who asked when he would be able to use bitcoin to buy tickets to mavericks home games. source: twitter"next season,” cuban replied, referring to the 2018-2019 season. the nba is currently midway through its 82-game 2017-2018 season, which began in october and will end in april, although the playoffs will continue through june. cuban did not go into further details, so it is not clear whether bitcoin will be the only cryptocurrency the team accepts or if other coins will be accepted as well, title=dallas mavericks to accept bitcoin ‘next season,’ says owner mark cuban, summary=nba to Accept Bitcoin ‘Next Season’: Mavericks Owner Mark Cuban, bleu=0.0312
summarize:the real estate industry is increasingly embracing bitcoin as a form of payment. most recently, hedge fund manager claudio guazzoni de zanett has put his manhattan townhome on the market for nearly $30 million in usd or $45 million in cryptocurrencies, according to a story in the wall street journal. zannett is hedging his bets, attaching a 40% premium for paying in bitcoin versus fiat money to offset the volatility in the btc price. zannett, who is at the helm of the hedge fund that bears his name, is willing to take bitcoin, ethereum or ripple. zannett told the wsj –"i’m a true believer in these networks, but it’s very volatile. they could be down 60% in two weeks.”zannett is used to placing bets on high, title=hedge fund manger lists multi-million dollar townhouse in bitcoin...for a 50% premium, summary=Real Estate Investor Puts $30 Million Manhattan Townhome on the Market for Bitcoin, bleu=0.0229
summarize:the biggest name in fried chicken has launched a cryptocurrency-themed "bitcoin bucket,” and yes, you can pay for it using the flagship cryptocurrency. kfc canada launches ‘bitcoin bucket’kfc canada began the publicity stunt on thursday, advertising the bitcoin bucket on social media and livestreaming its price in bitcoin, which constantly fluctuates based on the exchange rate of $20 cad, the product’s fiat price. kfc canada presents the #bitcoin bucket. sure, we don’t know exactly what bitcoins are, or how they work, but that shouldn’t come between you and some finger lickin’ good chicken. https://t.co/2okuchk5hb pic.twitter.com/uwadub8toi— kfc canada (@kfc_canada) january 11, 2018un, title=the ‘bitcoin bucket’: kfc canada accepts bitcoin for fried chicken, summary=kfc Canada Launches Cryptocurrency-themed ‘Bitcoin Bucket’, bleu=0.0353
summarize:the bunny ranch, a nevada-based legal establishment that is among the most popular brothels in the world, is considering accepting bitcoin payments according to owner dennis hof. hof, who own seven brothels in nevada, said he is exploring bitcoin in response to requests from his customers, who he said include some of the world’s wealthiest men. hof said bitcoin’s anonymous nature makes it suitable for customers who have a lot to lose if their private business became exposed to the wrong parties, as reported by quartz. he noted that customers often bring duffel bags full of cash to pay for his services, a form of payment that poses a security challenge. guest anonymitybitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have become popular in part due to their anonymity as well as their secrecy, hof said. while cryptocurrencies were once viewed as a form, title=world famous brothel bunny ranch considers accepting bitcoin, summary=nevada’s bunny ranch is considering accepting bitcoin payments, says owner, bleu=0.106
summarize:starting march 5th, 2018, the german national tourist board, headquartered in frankfurt, is accepting payment in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin for services, as a response to their interest in utilizing the blockchain technology supporting cryptocurrencies in the german and international markets. primarily financed by the german national ministry of economy & technology, the gntb serves to promote tourism within germany, developing products and strategies to establish a positive image of the country. worldwide, the organization includes thirty-two representative offices. according to the chair of the gntb, petra hedorfer, recent trends in technologies are constantly under review, as well as their application for the organization. striving to be an innovative global company, driving the tourism industry, the choice was made to implement blockchain and cryptocurrencies as part of the board’s digitization strategy. providing speed and additional security for transactions, the acceptance of cryptocurrencies (on, title=german national tourist board now accepting cryptocurrencies as payment for services, summary=German Tourist Board Accepts Bitcoin Payments as part of Digitization Strategy, bleu=0.0375
summarize:coinbase commerce, a cryptocurrency payment provider, has announced a series of initiatives to support crypto commerce, including a woocommerce plugin to give millions of merchants the option to accept cryptocurrencies, the ability to send bitcoin and litecoin directly, and other new capabilities. coinbase believes the improved access will support adoption of cryptocurrency and a more open financial system. the woocommerce plugin, a wordpress e-commerce platform, currently supports more than 28% of all online stores, all of which now have the ability to accept cryptocurrency from customers worldwide, coinbase noted on its blog. users can install the woocommerce payment gateway from github, from which they can download a zip file of the repository. plugin easy to installsource: coinbasecoinbase earlier this year announced its plan to allow merchants to accept multiple cryptocurrencies within a user-controlled wallet. while the platform was designed to be a, title=coinbase brings crypto payment option to millions of online merchants, summary=Coinbase Launches woocommerce plugin to Support Cryptocurrency Payments, bleu=0.043
summarize:as an emerging technology, blockchain is growing significantly in terms of awareness and public participation. most of the involvements in the blockchain ecosystem are perceived to be motivated by curiosity and the opportunity to earn value. however, the actual reasons behind this increasing growth is practically due to increased implementation of the technology across different works of life. an industry where blockchain technology is beginning to gain traction and significance is the healthcare industry. healthcare is one of the most essential aspects of human existence and an area of life that is given significant attention, especially in developed nations. as a matter of fact, in most cases, the level of development of a people is determined by the healthcare index within their society. an unbalanced societydeveloping nations are receiving a lot of attention as well in the healthcare industry. this is evident in the amount of aids and support that flow in their direction from the more developed nations and other global institutions. apart from the humanitarian services rendered, the developmental, title=collector courts bitcoin millionaires for record-setting baseball card auction, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Cardano: Blockchain Industry Gains traction, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitconnect, a once-promising crypto entity, has lost nearly 90 of its value, as its price has fallen to $26.00 in the wake of announcing the closure of its exchange and lending operation amidst legal problems with u. s regulators. the currency’s market capitalization has fallen to $175,637,617, according to coinmarketcap.com. a total of $17.517 million worth of the currency has traded in the last 24 hours.1-day activitybitconnect announced on tuesday the immediate closure of its lending operation and that of its exchange platform in five days. the announcement said the website will remain open for "wallet service, news and educational services.”all activityregulatory challenges emergethe company gave three reasons for its decision to close: regualtory scrutiny, ddos attacks and bad publicity. a texas securities regulator, title=carmaker proton suspends auto dealership for accepting bitcoin, summary=Bitconnect Price Drops to $26 as US Regulators Shut Down Crypto Exchange, bleu=0.0
summarize:startengine, a u. s. based equity crowdfunding platform, has announced that it has started accepting investment contributions in bitcoin. founded in 2014, the company has launched various icos and has helped raise capital for more than 150 startups. according to the regulation crowdfunding rules presented by the u. s. securities and exchange commission (sec), a funding portal must collaborate with a bank so that investors’ money can be stored in escrow until the startup that is using the funding portal has reached its minimum target. thus, startengine has partnered with prime trust, a nevada-based bank, to help fulfill this condition. prime trust will not only store but also convert bitcoins into u. s. dollars, making it the first bank to support bitcoin and protect crypto investors, according to a statement from the firm. using this feature, businesses can raise a maximum of $1.7 million per year., title=equity crowdfunding platform startengine now accepts bitcoin, summary=u.s. crowdfunding platform Startengine Accepts Bitcoin Investment Contributions, bleu=0.075
summarize:brisbane airport will soon be accepting bitcoin, ethereum and other cryptocurrencies at various retail establishments for travelers arriving or departing the airport’s terminals. in an unprecedented move, brisbane airport (bne), australia’s third-busiest airport, will introduce cryptocurrency payments at a number of terminal retailers where travelers can make retail purchases with digital currencies. in its official announcement, brisbane airport revealed a partnership with queensland-based bitcoin payments startup travelbybit to implement the firm’s point-of-sale payments system across retail stores at the airport’s two terminals. in stating the benefits of using digital currencies over traditional payments like cards and cash, bne pointed to low transaction fees, exchange rates, near-instant transfer times and a complete lack of third-party oversight with peer-to-peer payments.‘travellers, title=australia bound? brisbane airport accepts cryptocurrencies in a world-first, summary=brisbane Airport to Accept Cryptocurrency Payments at Terminal Retail Stores, bleu=0.042
summarize:millionaire investor and shark tank star barbara corcoran has revealed that buying a home with bitcoin is the future. her comments come at a time when cryptocurrency’s market capitalization has been plummeting for months now coupled with gruff criticism from some quarters. in a recent interview with money, corcoran intimated that buying and selling a home for cryptocurrency makes a lot of sense and ideal for real estate. "i’m being very optimistic because, as a long-term play, it’s perfectly suited for real estate transactions,” she maintained. the shark tank star, who made her fortunes as a real estate agent in new york, was of the opinion that bitcoin home sales will become a common phenomenon in the coming years. peer-to-peer featurecorcoran believes this will come about as the result of the flagship cryptocurrency’s peer-to-peer nature, which removes, title=buying a home with bitcoin makes sense: shark tank investor barabara corcoran, summary=Shark Tank Star Barbara Corcoran: Bitcoin Home Sales Will Be Common in the Coming Years, bleu=0.0245
summarize:sme owners in the uk see cryptocurrency becoming mainstream within two years, according to a new survey by english card machine provider paymentsense. the national study, which gauged the responses of 504 small business owners in january, found that over a third (35 percent) anticipated cryptocurrency payments would become a valid and normal method of transacting within two years. over one-fifth of the respondents (21 percent) were even more optimistic, predicting widespread acceptance to occur within a year. currently, only around thirteen percent of small business owners in the uk accept cryptocurrency payments. a further twenty-five percent believe crypto assets will never become a mainstream method of payment for goods and services. the tumeric co., founded by international footballer thomas hal-robson-kanu, began accepting cryptocurrency payments last year. "instantaneous settlements with no need for centralised third, title=uk sme owners anticipate cryptocurrency going mainstream by 2020, summary=uk Small Business Owners Expect Cryptocurrency Payments to Be Mainstream Within Two Years, bleu=0.0309
summarize:the government of queensland, australia’s second largest and third-most populous state, is backing a local crypto payments startup that officials believe will help boost tourism in the state. in an announcement on its official website on wednesday, the queensland government revealed details of an aud$8.3 million grant given to 70 domestic companies looking to innovate in the region. pointedly, the announcement pinned queensland-based crypto payments startup travelbybit as the headlining act in describing it as "a startup company set to drive more tourists to central queensland by selling travel experiences online using cryptocurrency.”in statements after announcing the advance queensland ignite ideas grant to the crypto startup, queensland innovation minister kate jones said:"tourism is one of queensland’s most important industries. travelbybit has devised a clever way to make, title=‘bitcoin boost’: australian state government invests in crypto startup for tourism, summary=queensland Government Backs Crypto Payments Startup Travelbybit, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price is too volatile to make it a useful payment tool for merchants, paypal cfo john rainey claimed in a recent interview. bitcoin price too volatile for merchantsrainey made this claim during a recent episode of "mad money,” explaining that merchant margins are too thin to make bitcoin a viable payment medium. you have a "10 percent margin on a product that you sell and you accept bitcoin, for example, and the very next day it moves 15 percent, you’re now underwater on that transaction,” he said. admittedly, itcoin and cryptocurrency prices are a lot more volatile than their fiat counterparts. a 1% or 2% swing in forex is considered a major move, whereas a 15% bitcoin price movement is not extraordinary, although it has swung upwards just as quickly in recent years. rainey did go on to suggest that, title=bitcoin price too volatile for merchants, claims paypal cfo, summary=Paypal CFO: Bitcoin Price Too Volatile for Merchants, bleu=0.0427
summarize:digital payments firm square views bitcoin as a "transformational technology,” and analysts predict that the company could one day launch a cryptocurrency exchange. bitcoin a ‘transformational technology,’ says square ceo jack dorseythe company made waves last year when it announced that it was launching a bitcoin trading pilot program through cash app, the firm’s peer-to-peer transaction platform. a month ago, square released the feature to virtually all of its us-based users, providing them with one of the most seamless bitcoin purchasing experiences currently available. square executives discussed the feature following the release of its first-quarter earnings report tuesday, stating that while bitcoin trading is "still not material to our results,” the firm views cryptocurrency as "transformational” and intends to build out more products and services that leverage it."bitcoin, for us, is not stopping at buying and selling, title=square sees bitcoin as a ‘transformational technology,’ could launch cryptocurrency exchange, summary=Square Views Bitcoin as a ‘Transformational Technology’, bleu=0.0557
summarize:the use case for cryptocurrency and decentralized payment networks was reinforced this week as visa payments throughout europe were disrupted, leaving thousands of people unable to pay for goods and services. the bbc reports that people were left stranded — unable to pay for fuel — and in other cases forced to leave restaurants in embarrassment after they couldn’t pay for the meal that they had just eaten. thanks to a kind man who helped us out this evening and paid for some of our dinner at the @hogandhedge with a long drive ahead we could have left very hungry. true act of kindness. he even let my daughter keep the change for her money box. #visadown #visa— anna church (@annaweather) june 1, 2018visa news europe tweeted about yesterdays system failure, and the comment thread immediately turned into a discussion about the merits of, title=op-ed: visa vs. cryptocurrency — it’s only a matter of time, summary=bbc reports that thousands of people are unable to pay for goods and services. a kind man helped us out and even let our daughter keep the change for her money box, bleu=0.0148
summarize:a toronto man is demanding digital currency for his ontario property. former wall street businessman derryn shrosbree has listed his home for 35 bitcoins- $450,000 in today’s market. he told cbc news that the move was driven by a belief in the technology: "i believe it’s the future”. it marks the first local occurrence of such a use of bitcoin, although a buyer has not been lined up. only accepting cryptocurrency drastically limits the amount of potential buyers, so it is unclear how long the property will take to sell – if at all. anthony diiorio, ceo of decentral who made forbes recent crypto rich-list with an estimated $1b crypto wealth, was cautious of the move. he told the canadian source that it may well be a marketing gimmick by cryptocurrency advocates and does not see, title=canadian homeowner will only take bitcoin for condo sale, summary=former Wall Street Businessman Sells Ontario Home for 35 Bitcoins, bleu=0.042
summarize:alessandro santos, a brazilian architect, engineer, and self-described bitcoin aficionado, has recently inaugurated a cryptocurrency-themed hostel in paraty, a city located about 260 kilometers (161.5 miles) away from so paulo, brazil. the hostel, appropriately named hostel bitcoin, launched on august 16, and was immediately booked for its inauguration day. according to local news outlet portal do bitcoin, santos has been living in paraty for three years, and decided to invest in the crypto-themed hostel a while ago. per the outlet, all of the hostel’s services, including breakfast and tours, can be paid for in cryptocurrency. santos decided to invest in the hostel after realizing most tourists who visited the area were interested in cryptocurrencies. he was quoted as saying:"i am well on, title=architect launches bitcoin hostel near rio de janeiro in brazil, summary=Brazilian Architect, Engineer Launches Crypto-themed Hostel in Paraty, bleu=0.0427
summarize:expedia, the online travel agency that has been one of the largest merchants to accept bitcoin since 2014, has quietly stopped accepting the cryptocurrency, forcing users to seek alternative travel services. marketexclusive.com reported on july 2 that an expedia spokesperson confirmed the company would not accept bitcoin for hotel or flight bookings and that it was evaluating alternative payment options. the spokesperson said the company apologized for inconveniences because there had been no advance notice of the change. expedia experienced problemsthe report noted that expedia faced frequent problems with bitcoin payments, including customer dissatisfaction about the payment process timing out, a hectic refund process, and some customers finding they needed to pay with their credit card even after they paid in bitcoin. expedia did not respond to ccn’s multiple requests for comment. there was also no mention of the decision to stop accepting bitcoin on the company’s website or in its first quarter financial report. coinbase, title=expedia stops accepting bitcoin, driving users to alternative travel sites, summary=Expedia Quietly Stops Accepting Bitcoin for Hotel and Flight Bookings, bleu=0.0
summarize:crypto exchange coinbase recently filed for a patent detailing a new system to enable online users to make bitcoin payments more securely. the patent, filed on august 14, will allow users to make payments directly from their bitcoin wallet. the patent cites the issue of customers being required to compromise on the security of their own private keys, saying:"existing systems do not provide a solution for maintaining security over private keys while still allowing the users to checkout on a merchant page and making payments using their wallets.”the new system will enable users to pay directly in a "key ceremony” which encrypts private user passphrases into a masterkey during checkout to greatly reduce the risk of the keys being stolen. the masterkey serves the function of encrypting private keys and transaction signing, and upon being used the masterkey is deleted. the system allows for administrators to freeze all processes using what is described as "freeze logic,”, title=coinbase files patent for direct bitcoin payments system, summary=Crypto Exchange Coinbase Files Patent to Enable Bitcoin Payments More Securely, bleu=0.0
summarize:ethics officials in the u. s. state of wisconsin are divided on whether to allow political campaigns to accept campaign donations in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. if wisconsin approves the move, it will join montana, washington, d. c., and the u. s. federal government in allowing cryptocurrency campaign contributions. at a hearing on april 24, the wisconsin ethics commission debated the issue but did not make an immediate decision, wiscnews reported. leading the charge in favor of bitcoin donations was phil anderson, chairman of the wisconsin libertarian party. anderson argued that cryptocurrencies "are more and more widely accepted as currency and as stores of value...the chicago board options exchange offers a futures market for bitcoin. and other financial platforms, corporations, and governments are weighing in on not, title=wisconsin mulls allowing bitcoin donations for political campaigns, summary=u.s. state of wisconsin to Allow Crypto Campaign Contributions, bleu=0.0339
summarize:liberland, a self-proclaimed country between serbia and croatia that has been struggling for its independence for three years, plans to launch its own cryptocurrency in a few months, and is accepting donations in bitcoin, bitcoin cash and ethereum. half a million people have applied for liberland citizenship. liberland’s territory, however, remains in dispute, as croatia claims to own the 2.5 square miles of uninhabited marshland next to the danube river that extends 7 kilometers between croatia and serbia. the land’s borders were redrawn at the end of the yugoslav civil war in the 1990s, at which time it switched from serbia to croatia. croatia, however, did not want the land since it would have had to accept new borders giving it less territory. serbia, title=liberland to issue its own cryptocurrency, accepts bitcoin, bitcoin cash and ethereum, summary=Liberland to Launch its Own Cryptocurrency in a Few Months, bleu=0.0334
summarize:upstart mma promotion primal fc has a plan to set itself apart from industry heavyweights ufc and bellator, and it involves bitcoin. the phuket, thailand-based promotion held its inaugural event, dark moon rising, in 2017 and is preparing to begin adding sponsors for its next one, slated for later this year. primal fc ceo joe iozzi told ccn that the promotion hopes to court cryptocurrency-related sponsors for fits events, with the ultimate goal of hosting events exclusively sponsored by the cryptoasset industry."primal fc is extremely excited to invite the crypto space to get involved. we’d love to be one of the first promotions in the world to have a whole bunch of cryptocurrencies associated with us,” iozzi said, adding that he has been in touch with several potential sponsors already., title=upstart mma promotion primal fc wants to pay fighters in bitcoin, summary=mma Promotion Primal fc to Launch a Cryptocurrency Event, bleu=0.0502
summarize:a leading wall street research firm has slashed price targets for leading chipmakers nvidia and amd, claiming that it has received confirmation that cryptocurrency mining hardware manufacturer bitmain has begun producing ethereum asic miners. writing a monday note to clients, susquehanna analyst christopher rolland said that the firm had recently confirmed that the china-based bitmain — by far the largest producer of miners that use application specific integrated circuit (asic) chips — is just months away from shipping the first miners compatible with ethash, the proof-of-work (pow) hashing algorithm used by ethereum and a variety of other cryptocurrencies. rolland added that at least three other manufacturers had begun developing ethereum asic miners."during our travels through asia last week, we confirmed that bitmain has already developed an as, title=nelson mandela golden hands collection goes to bitcoin exchange, summary=nvidia, Amd, Bitmain, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether: Wall Street Research Cuts Price Targets, bleu=0.0
summarize:aston plaza & residences has successfully sold 50 apartments to bitcoin users in february. located in science park dubai, the apartments will offer residents the chance to live close to dubai’s famous landmarks such as the tallest building in the world burj khalifa as well the dubai international airport. the 2.4 million square feet project with almost 1,300 apartments was initially launched in september of last year. it is currently being constructed by aston developments, which works under the parent company aston property ventures owned by knox group of companies. founder and chairman of knoxx, douglas barrowman, partnered with baroness michelle mone of michelle mone interiors and lingerie company ultimo, for this crypto-friendly $325 million project. barrowman told business insider that, "we allocated 50 out of 1,300 developments. we’, title=lingerie tycoon sells 50 luxury dubai apartments for bitcoin, summary=aston Plaza & Residences Sells 50 Bitcoin Apartments in Science Park Dubai, bleu=0.0339
summarize:one of silicon valley’s oldest venture capital firms is dipping its toe into the blockchain ecosystem with an investment in cryptocurrency payment processing startup bitpay. the investment, announced on monday, came as part of a $40 million funding round, the largest in the atlanta-based company’s nearly seven-year history. it also constituted the first time menlo has acquired a stake in a cryptocurrency-related startup. founded in 1976, menlo was one of the first silicon valley venture capital firms and has counted among its portfolio companies tech darlings such as uber, roku, and tumblr. however, it had not yet joined so many of its peers in gaining exposure to the burgeoning blockchain sector — until now. the funding round was bitpay’s first since 2014, when it raised $30 million in a round that included virgin group founder richard branson, title=menlo ventures leads $40 million series b in bitcoin firm bitpay, summary=Silicon Valley Venture Capital Firm Bitpay Announces $40 Million Funding Round, bleu=0.0677
summarize:with the lowest amount required to become an antiguan barbudian via an investment being us$100,000, you now only need a little over 12 bitcoins to pay for that at current prices. this is after antigua and barbuda’s citizenship by investment program act was amended by the country’s parliament allowing payments to be made using bitcoin as well as other cryptocurrencies. the resolution was announced by the country’s prime minister and minister of finance & corporate governance & public-private partnerships, hon. gaston browne, according to antigua news room. reaching out to hodlersaccording to browne, the decision was made with a view of making it convenient for citizenship seekers who own cryptocurrencies. and by adding this method of payment, the program will be able to attract more people from across the globe."and the truth is too, it expands your market because we have a number, title=12 btc only: you can now buy your antigua citizenship with bitcoin, summary=Antigua and Barbuda Legislative Amendment Allows Bitcoin Payments, bleu=0.0
summarize:from bond issuances to educational certificates, blockchain technology is increasingly finding new use-cases every day. stepping aside from its use in financial and industrial sectors, the ethereum blockchain will be utilized in june 2018 to facilitate the auction of andy warhol’s 1980 work 14 small electric chairs for cryptocurrencies. the auction will be carried out by dadiani fine art in london’s mayfair district, in partnership with blockchain platform maecenas fine art. overall, 49 percent of warhol’s works will be up available for sale on june 20, and the auction house will accept bitcoin and ethereum as payment. regarding price, the piece is valued at 732 btc or $5.6 million at the time of writing, and would undoubtedly change as per market conditions on the day of the auction. reportedly, the reserve price is 25 btc or $4 million, title=crypto auction: $5.6 million andy warhol art to be sold via ethereum blockchain, summary=andy warhol’s 1980 work 14 small electric chairs to be auctioned for ethereum and bitcoin, bleu=0.0625
summarize:australian beach town agnes water is billing itself the country’s first ‘digital currency town’ in an effort to attract international digital-savvy travelers to boost its primary industry, tourism. over 30 local businesses including accommodation providers, tour operators, restaurants and even the local pub in agnes water are now accepting cryptocurrencies, despite being a town of a mere 2,000 permanent residents. ‘welcome to agnes water-1770, australia’s first digital currency town’ reads a billboard in welcoming visitors driving in, with support for cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, bitcoin cash, nem, litecoin and ethereum. source: facebook/nemthe beach town’s initiative to embrace cryptocurrency payments stems from local real estate agent gordon christian who began looking into accepting cryptocurrencies after a client, a local business owner, explored how to go about processing a bitcoin payment, title=australia’s first ‘digital currency town’ accepts bitcoin to boost tourism, summary=Australia’s First ‘Digital Currency Town’ Accepts Cryptocurrency Payments, bleu=0.0
summarize:slow transaction times and high fees are causing dark web users to favor litecoin and, to a lesser extent, dash, over bitcoin. a new report by recorded future, a threat intelligence company, has found that dark web criminals began turning away from bitcoin in 2017 because of slow processing and high fees. recorded future analyzed 150 dark web message boards, marketplaces and illicit services and found litecoin has become second most used coin after bitcoin, followed by dash. bitcoin economically unfeasiblethe analysis found that since 2017, bitcoin payments have become economically infeasible due to a tenfold increase in transaction cost that can account for as much as 30% of smaller payment amounts. the slowness of transactions was also cited. one russian dark web user released a statement advising vendors they had to find an alternative to bitcoin to keep his business. the average transactions in the underground economy, title=dark web users ditch bitcoin for litecoin due to costly, slow transactions, summary=Litecoin is Second Most Used Cryptocurrency After Bitcoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:the price of bitcoin has fallen below $9,400, by more than 8 percent, as the cryptocurrency market experienced yet another major correction. trendmost cryptocurencies in the market fell by more than 15 percent, as major cryptocurrencies like ripple, cardano, bitcoin cash, and stellar have fallen in the range of 12 percent to 16 percent. analysts have demonstrated their concerns towards ripple specifically, as it fell below the $1 mark for the second time in two weeks. similar to how the $10,000 mark is a psychological threshold for most bitcoin investors, the $1 mark represents a similar threshold for ripple or xrp investors. while the price of ripple has rebounded after dropping below $1, it is important to acknowledge that the price of xrp has fallen below $1 twice within the past 2 weeks. other cryptocurrencies have also struggled to show any signs of short-term recovery. bitcoin cash and cardano have remained stagnant for weeks, maintaining, title=square’s cash app makes it easier than ever to buy bitcoin, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops Below $9,400 as Cryptocurrency Market Experiences Major Correction, bleu=0.0
summarize:contrary to reports in mainstream media, starbucks has clarified that it will not be accepting direct bitcoin payments at coffee retail outlets. as reported by ccn on friday, starbucks is part of a new cryptocurrency venture with microsoft and the intercontinental exchange (ice) dubbed "bakkt”, a regulated wall street platform that could fundamentally bring cryptocurrencies like bitcoin into the mainstream."we are collaborating to build an open platform that helps unlock the transformative potential of digital assets [cryptocurrencies like bitcoin] across global markets and commerce,” bakkt ceo kelly loeffler said following the announcement. it’s a groundbreaking development for the cryptocurrency sector, enough for ice founder and chief executive jeff sprecher to claim bitcoin "has the potential to become the first worldwide currency”. several mainstream media outlets lapped up the story with the likes of cnb, title=starbucks clarifies ‘coffee for bitcoin’ media reports, summary=Starbucks Will Not Accept Bitcoin Payments at Coffee Retail Outlets, bleu=0.0
summarize:yeogi eottae, a major south korean hotel booking platform which translates to "how is this place?,” has partnered with the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchange to integrate cryptocurrency. major partnershipas bithumb has done with other retailers like wemakeprice, a leading e-commerce platform in south korea well known for its timely deals and discounts, the bithumb team will likely enable the hotel booking platform to integrate all of the cryptocurrencies listed on the bithumb platform including bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, eos, bitcoin cash, ripple, and more. tokenpost, a local cryptocurrency-focused media outlet overseen by econotimes, revealed that bithumb has announced its strategic partnership with the hotel booking platform on march 6. bithumb spokesperson stated that its partnership with the hotel booking platform will allow, title=south korea’s largest hotel booking platform will accept cryptocurrency, summary=Bithumb Partners with South Korea’s Largest Crypto Exchange to Integrate Crypto, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin mining firms looking to set up shop in quebec will now have to pay more for electricity. this is after the energy regulator of the canadian province, régie de l’énergie, gave the region’s utility firm, hydro-quebec, the go-ahead to impose a deterrent tariff that will see cryptocurrency miners paying double the rate that is levied on households and other utility customers. the rate for new cryptocurrency miners entering the province will now be 15 cents per kilowatt hour. ensuring consistency in supplyaccording to the montreal gazette, the new rates will be applicable until regulations for the sector are introduced. the rates will, however, not apply to existing agreements but will only affect deals that were inked after june 6 this year. the move is aimed at consistent supply, especially during peak demand."the régie considers that the rates and, title=encrypted email service tutonata tests cryptocurrency for payments, summary=Bitcoin Mining Firms in Quebec to Pay More for Electricity, bleu=0.042
summarize:four new condos in washington d. c. have been listed for sale and payable fully or in part with bitcoin. as the washington post reports, the offer marks a first for the district, according to the real estate broker. luxury condosthe condos were converted from a single-family home, featuring soapstone counters, recessed lighting, stainless steel appliances and white oak hardwood floors. one-bedroom condos on the first and second floor go for $569,000 or 50 btc and $665,000 or 59 btc. a two-bedroom condo on the third floor is available for $677,000 or 60 btc, while a two-bedroom penthouse, offering a private roof terrace, is listed at $949,000 or 84 btc. the bitcoin prices would have to be adjusted to reflect the negotiated prices. residential brokerage venditti said developers, title=washington, d.c. gets its first bitcoin luxury condo listings, summary=4 new condos in washington d.c. listed for sale and payable with Bitcoin, bleu=0.1619
summarize:u. s. taxpayers are required to report income from virtual currency transactions, the internal revenue service has advised taxpayers in a notice. the agency has provided guidance on virtual currency in irs notice 2014-21 for taxpayers and tax preparers. just like transactions in any other property, virtual currency transactions are taxable. those who fail to report the income tax consequences of such transactions can be audited and possibly liable for interest and penalties, the irs noted. criminal prosecution possibletaxpayers can also be subject to criminal prosecution in extreme situations for not properly reporting the income tax consequences of virtual currency transactions. criminal charges include filing a false tax return and tax evasion. persons convicted of tax evasion are subject to a fine of up to $250,000 and a prison term of up to five years. those convicted of filing a false tax return are subject to a fine of up to $2, title=quebec blogger slams government for dissing crypto mining, summary=u.s. taxpayers are required to report income from virtual currency transactions, irs advises, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrencies are set to make a comeback on reddit. it is the largest community where cryptocurrency enthusiasts meet and discuss the technology. the bitcoin subreddit has 816k subscribers, and cryptocurrency subreddit has over 663k subscribers. but back in march, the platform disabled bitcoin as a payment method for reddit gold after enabling it in february 2013. reddit had disabled bitcoin as a payment method without prior notice, leaving customers with the option to pay using paypal and credit card. but after the discovery made it to the first page of bitcoin subreddit, a reddit admin responded to the removal. he claimed they had problems with coinbase’s payment platform which led them to completely disabling the platform."yup that’s right. the upcoming coinbase change, combined with some bugs around the bitcoin payment option that were affecting purchases for certain users, led us to, title=reddit to re-enable bitcoin payments, ethereum and litecoin support coming, summary=Reddit Disables Bitcoin as a Payment Method for Gold Users, bleu=0.0
summarize:missouri republican candidate, austin petersen, the former libertarian, has received 24 bitcoin donations so far in his campaign for senate – the largest of which, valued at $4,500, is officially the largest single bitcoin donation ever accepted by a us politician according to the federal election commission. according to the federal election commission, senate republican candidate, austin petersen, received a donation worth 0.284 of a bitcoin – which at the time of exchange was valued at $4,500 in us dollars. this is the single biggest bitcoin donation in us political history. it also opens the debate about cryptocurrencies, political donations and transparency. petersen’s campaign aide stated:"i think it goes without saying we’re going to see a lot more of this in terms of campaign contributions and campaign financing. austin is personally a fan of competition in the, title=republican senate candidate accepts the largest single bitcoin donation in federal election history, summary=senate candidate, austin petersen, Receives 24 Bitcoin Donations So Far in Campaign, bleu=0.0629
summarize:venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency keeps making headlines, as the country’s cryptocurrency superintendent, carlos vargas, recently announced that airlines in venezuela can now accept the petro (ptr) and other cryptocurrencies as a payment method. the cryptocurrency superintendent announced the move according to instructions from the country’s president, nicolás maduro. via twitter, he revealed it stating that "airlines are allowed to sell tickets on domestic and international flights in «petro» and other cryptocurrencies.”siguiendo instrucciones del presidente nicolás maduro, se autoriza a las aerolneas el cobro de los boletos nacionales e internacionales en petro y otras criptomonedas, title=venezuelan president orders airlines to accept petro, cryptocurrencies for tickets, summary=Venezuelan Airlines Can Now Accept Petro and Other Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0
summarize:in the early hours of sunday morning (utc time-zone), zencash, an upcoming privacy coin, came under a 51% attack. another one bites the dustaccording to the official zencash blog, at approximately 2:43 utc on june 3rd, zencash became the target of a 51% attack. for the uninitiated, a 51% attack is when a malicious person or group takes control of a blockchain through obtaining over 50% of the hashrate, allowing for the hacker(s) to take control of the network. however, zencash’s team was ready for a situation like this to occur. the team quickly initiated an investigation on the hashrate distribution to confirm that it was, in fact, a 51% attack. while hash rates were being investigated, other members of the, title=another cryptocurrency experiences 51% attack, following bitcoin gold and verge, summary=zencash, a Cryptocurrency, Hit by 51% Attack, bleu=0.076
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to stay above the $2400 support area and moved down against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $2400 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to continue its decline towards $2100 since it is now well below the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is moving lower sharply from $2550 against the us dollar. bch/usd could extend declines and may even test the $2100 level. bitcoin cash price resistanceyesterday, we saw a recovery wave in bitcoin cash price around the $2500 level against the us dollar. however, the price failed to stay above the $2500 support since the $2550 level acted as a major resistance. as a result, there was a downside reaction from $2550. the price declined and broke a few important, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd in trouble, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Test $2100, bleu=0.0367
summarize:there are those who believe everything is better with bacon. elvis topped his pb and banana sandwiches with it, pop idols use it for facials and scientists have proven that it cures hangovers. now, oscar meyer, the processed pork purveyors who have been filling american’s sandwiches with bologna and ham loaf for decades have paired the desire for the savory cured meat with the cutting edge technology of cryptocurrency to create the ‘bacoin’. bacoin can be cashed in for actual baconyes, the oscar meyer digital token is backed by the gold standard of pig products, sugar cured bacon. is it confusing? not so much that kieth sizzle "bacoin architect/digital prophet” who looks as if he were pulled straight from the silicone valley call list, cleaned up and accente, title=“bacoin” spoof shows growing mainstream acceptance of cryptocurrency, summary=oscar meyer’s ‘Bacoin’ is a Cryptocurrency backed by sugar cured bacon, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are falling, altcoins getting hit hardest are eos, iota, ontology, omisego and icon. that ongoing sideways ranging market has finally ended a few hours ago when a flash crash wiped $15 billion out of crypto in a couple of hours. the markets have slid over 6% over the past day and the bears are selling with a fury. currently at a total capitalization of $324 billion markets have fallen fast from yesterday’s level of $345 billion. bitcoin led the downward charge when it shed $300 in just over an hour starting at 06.45 utc. it has lost 4.5% on the day and is currently trading at $7,330. volume has remained a steady $4.2 billion and market cap for btc is currently $125 billion, down $6 billion from the same time yesterday, title=what caused a flash crypto crash to wipe $15 billion out in just two hours, summary=Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Omisego, IOTA: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are cooling off as bitcoin rally slows; binance coin, iost, zencash and polymath doing well. crypto markets have continued climbing slowly as bitcoin bulls push prices higher for another day. total market capitalization has finally broken $300 billion for the first time since early june though a correction could be imminent and it has already begun to pull back. bitcoin momentum continues to climb with another 1.9% rise on the day to trade at $8,175. btc reached a top of $8,425 a few hours ago before pulling back slightly, it could correct further if the bulls ease off a little. ethereum has not made any further gains and remains a touch over $470 on the day. the altcoins are a mixed bag at the moment and gains and losses have been very small. in the top ten eos, title=crypto correction could be imminent as bitcoin rally cools, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Cool Off as Bitcoin Bulls Push Prices Higher, bleu=0.042
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets have dopped, altcoins getting hit hardest are iota, dash, qtum and bytecoin. what appeared to be signs of a rebound over the past day have been quashed this morning when news broke that korea’s second largest exchange bithumb had been hacked. markets tumbled once again, with almost $10 billion being wiped out in half an hour. the fall as usual was led by bitcoin which dropped $150 and settled at just over $6,600, down 1.6% on the day. ethereum remained relatively stable and is trading at the same level as yesterday, $520. altcoins as usual all got battered and a sea of red has now replaced the green that was there a few hours ago. most are down 3-4% and only a couple or minor tokens are not feeling the, title=crypto markets lose $10 billion as altcoins predictably plummet on exchange hack story, summary=iota, Dash, qtum and bytecoins hit hardest by Bithumb hack, bleu=0.0287
summarize:several things have come together in a perfect storm to create the most recent crypto-crime trend: the ability to surreptitiously install illicit monero miners on unsuspecting computers around the world. windows servers, laptops, android devices, and iot connected devices are all at risk. the worst part? targets often are unaware that they’ve been hacked — unless they’re able to recognize an occasional performance slowdown or can closely monitor their electric use. no ransoms, no stolen passwords or personal information; victims may even find it difficult to convince anyone there’s a problem. perfect stormin 2017 a hacker group released a national security agency-created hack called eternalblue, which made it easy to crack into computers running microsoft windows. cryptomining itself: the fact that blockchain-based systems utilize miners, who automatically receive a cryptocurrency, title=miners, botnets, and monero create perfect storm for cryptomining, summary=Cryptocurrency Miners Surreptitiously Hack Windows Servers, Laptops and Android Devices, bleu=0.0446
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is recovering slightly; 0x, tezos, digibyte and tenx on the up, vechain suffering. monday morning in crypto land is developing into a green one for a change as markets rebound from weekend losses. total market capitalization has crept back over $250 billion and signals are turning bullish. bitcoin is up just two percent to $6,470, breaking a key resistance level at $6,450. there are positive signals for btc as it approaches the next level of support. ethereum has done better with a gain of 4.7% to trade at $460 at the time of writing. most of the altcoins are generally in the green with the five pumped by coinbase showing solid gains. according to coinmarketcap today’s winner in the top 25 is 0x which is trading 10.5% higher. zero-x is, title=cryptocurrency market update: 0x (zrx) still climbing from coinbase pump, summary=0x, tezos, Digibyte, Tenx and Litecoins Recover as Crypto Market Rebounds, bleu=0.0284
summarize:fomo momentsthe train wreck is not over, eos, iota, ethereum classic, vechain still slumpingmore doom and gloom this morning in crypto land as traders are dumping digital coins like hot rocks. another new yearly low point has been hit as market capitalization fell below $225 billion for the first time in nine months. the crypto winter of 2018 is far from over. bitcoin has broken through several levels of support over the past couple of days tumbling back another 2.5% today to $6,350. btc has shed 24% in two weeks, sliding from a high point of $8,400 to its current levels. on the month however the picture does not look as bleak as it is almost back to the same point this time last month. ethereum has not been so fortunate and is also down 2.2% to $360 which is, title=a new 2018 low, why are bears mauling crypto markets, summary=vechain, Bitcoin, EOS, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0215
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are still flat this sunday; nano and icon making moves. there has still been very little movement in crypto markets as the weekend progresses. total market capitalization hasn’t moved since friday and is currently around the $215 billion level. bitcoin has remained sedentary this weekend with no movement since yesterday; it is still trading at a touch over $6,700. ethereum could not climb higher than $280 and has fallen back 1.6% to $275 showing more bearish sentiments. altcoins are mostly in the red however a couple of them are really moving at the moment. nothing of note has happened to the top ten which are all lulling around yesterday’s levels. the top twenty is a similar picture with tron making the largest gain of around 5.8% to $0.022. further down the list however we have two big movers at the moment, title=cryptocurrency market update: nano and icon surging on sunday, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Cryptocurrency Markets Still Flat This Weekend, bleu=0.0229
summarize:fomo momentsaltcoins lifting markets this morning, icon, iota, vechain rising, while lisk is losing. monday morning has seen little action in crypto land however there has been some small upward movements by a few altcoins. total market capitalization has remained above $215 billion and has crept up slightly on the back of a few spurting cryptos today. bitcoin is still floating just above $6,700 and has made 1.3% on the day to trade at $6,730. technical indicators suggest that btc could break out from a rising wedge in which it is currently consolidating. ethereum has not moved much either but there have been no further losses and it is actually up 2% to $280 at the moment. altcoins are mostly in the green according to coinmarketcap however iota has barged its way back into, title=cryptocurrency trading update: iota and icon moving monday markets, summary=iota, vechain, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0291
summarize:litecoin has always been one of the more popular cryptocurrencies on the market. in recent months however, the currency has lost some of its appeal. with the litepay deal falling through, a bump in the road was hit. now that korbit will launch ltc trading, things are looking up once again. having the oldest korean exchange on board is a pretty big deal for any currency. korbit taps litecoin for tradingsouth korea is the current hub for cryptocurrency-related activity. its local exchanges generate a lot of volume every single day. with these exchanges now imposing self-regulation, the industry will continue to thrive. korbit is one of the oldest exchanges in the country as of right now. even so, the company needs to keep evolving like other trading platforms. the decision to enable litecoin trading is rather interesting in this regard., title=litecoin trading arrives on south korea’s oldest cryptocurrency exchange, summary=korbit Taps Litecoin for Trading, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrencies by their nature are secure and encrypted however the vehicles we use to store them are still very vulnerable. users of digital wallet provider blackwallet found this out the hard way at the weekend when the web server was hacked resulting in the theft of their stash. blackwallet is used to store stellar lumens, the 9th most popular cryptocurrency at the moment. over $450,000 in the altcoin was lifted from wallets on the server in a domain name service attack. the hackers stole almost 670,000 lumens by spoofing the domain name and redirecting users to their own site. this could then inject code into wallets containing more than 20 xlm to send the tokens to the attacker’s wallet. the coin was then removed from the blackwallet website and sent to bittrex where it was converted into another cryptocurrency and probably moved again. the attack shows how vulnerable web hosts are and that although the, title=stellar stolen in online wallet hack, summary=Blackwallet’s Web Server Stolen $450,000 in Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0552
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land remains flat, however ethereum classic, vechain and lisk are pumping. yesterday’s bounce from the bottom could not be sustained and any positive market movements seem to be quashed before they can gain any momentum. total market capitalization has remained the same for the past 24 hours as the bears keep things on the floor. bitcoin has held the $6,400 level with no movement on the day, it reached the $6,600 resistance level but failed to break it falling back again. ethereum has inched up a little from its 2018 low to a touch above $290. the 2.8% gain is pushing eth back towards its resistance point of $300 where it spent almost three months at this time last year. altcoins are a mixed bunch with some falling back again and a couple making solid gains. the top ten is pretty flat on the day, title=altcoin update: vechain pumping, lisk lifted on core mainnet launch, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: eth, Bitcoin Classic, vechain and lisk Pumping, bleu=0.0437
summarize:tron has completed their 30 million trx token airdrop to ethereum holders as the mainnet launch date comes into view.30 million trx token airdrop completejustin sun, founder of tron, made the announcement last month of an airdrop campaign that would randomly disperse 30 million trx tokens into ether wallets that contained at least 1 eth. the airdrop was meant to both reward the ethereum community for supporting the erc20 trx token and as a way to give them a taste of what tron will have to offer. the airdrop began on april 27 and was completed on may 7 with 602,881 ethereum addresses receiving trx. justin sun tweeted out the coming change,"from today to the last day, we are no longer the erc20 token and in the future, we will, title=tron completes trx airdrop as mainnet launch approaches, summary=tron Airdrops 30 Million trx Tokens to ethereum Holders as Mainnet Launches, bleu=0.0446
summarize:the cryptocurrency industry has sparked many debates over the years. one topic of discussion is whether or not nations should create their own cryptocurrency moving forward. in most regions, those plans have been put on ice indefinitely. estonia now joins this list after receiving criticism from mario draghi and local authorities regarding its estcoin plan. no national cryptocurrency in estoniasimilar to a few other countries, estonia is looking at cryptocurrency technology. while various blockchain pilots have been launched, bitcoin adoption is still fairly low. that hasn’t kept government officials from exploring the option of issuing their own digital currency. that plan will not come to fruition anytime soon. with the ecb shooting down the plan, things will remain as they are today. originally, estonian officials wanted to create a cryptocurrency pegged to the euro. additionally, the token would be offered to all citizens, which has always a bit, title=estcoin will not become a national cryptocurrency after all, summary=ecb Shoots Down Estonia’s Cryptocurrency Plan, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsbleeding markets once again, xrp, eos, iota and ethereum classic in a world of hurtas if testament to the volatility and immaturity of cryptocurrency markets, another fud storm has caused 25 billion dollars to be dumped in almost as many hours. the sec’s recent decision to delay a highly anticipated bitcoin etf has caused a predictable selloff that has been seen time and time again. crypto markets have reached another new low for the year. as if leading the other crypto lemmings to their doom, bitcoin has slid 7.6% on the day to $6,520. it shed $600 in a matter of hours in an expected dump following the announcement. btc crashed through the critical $6,800 level which has now become resistance. ethereum has also been battered, title=fud fueled crypto market dumps $25 billion in 24 hours, summary=XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, IOTA, NEO, EOS: Another Fud Storm Dumped Bitcoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:chosun, south korea’s largest business-focused mainstream media outlet, reported that one the country’s largest banks woori trialed ripple payments for remittances. ripple trialswoori’s digital strategy department successfully processed payments on the ripple blockchain network and according to the company, woori might be able to process large-scale remittance transactions on the ripple network within 2018. the south korean bank already completed phase two of its ripple trials, having completed phase one of ripple payment settlement in january. woori spokesperson told chosun that the bank remains highly optimistic in using the ripple network to process remittance in the long-term. the bank further emphasized that ripple is far more efficient than swift, which normally takes 2 to 3 days to process transactions between banks whereas ripple is capable of processing transactions instantaneously. many banks in south kor, title=one south korea’s largest banks trials ripple, hints full integration in 2018, summary=South Korean Bank Woori Trials Ripple Payments for Remittances, bleu=0.0
summarize:manipulation in the unregulated cryptocurrency market is a growing problem. it’s thought that so-called "pump and dump” groups have been responsible for over $820 million worth of trading volume over the last 18 months. market manipulation groups encourage traders to play a game of financial "chicken”the huge price volatility that has come to be associated with cryptocurrencies is understandably alluring to traders. with smaller cap coins being swung up or down by many percentage points in just a few minutes or hours, it’s possible to make substantial profits if your timing is good. this has led many to attempt to influence traders to buy certain coins or tokens en masse at a given signal. those behind these "pump and dump” groups can almost guarantee profits by exploiting their control over buying pressure. many such trading groups have emerged that target smaller cap crypto coins for "pump and dumps.” the idea, title=crypto pump and dump schemes encourage traders to play digital chicken, summary=“Pump and Dump” Trading Groups Target Small Cap Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0382
summarize:interesting times are ahead for specific altcoin holders. anyone who has invested in either tron or eos will need to prepare a course of action. both currencies are in the process of launching their main net, and tokens need to be swapped. it seems binance will be the go-to exchange to perform these swaps, although other platforms may do so as well. the trx and eos token swap processfor anyone looking to take part in these swaps, a few important steps must be completed. first of all, users who store funds in myetherwallet will need to transfer it to any of the supporting exchanges. this will also require people to set up an account for such platforms to enable trading. dedicated instructions on how to do exactly that can be found here. eos holders will have to go through similar steps to make this happen. once the users’ account is funded,, title=steps to take prior to upcoming eos and trx token swaps, summary=tron and eos Token Swaps: Binance, Myetherwallet, Litecoin, Ethereum, Poloniex, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Steps, bleu=0.0205
summarize:the iota project has come under heavy scrutiny by security and cryptography researchers. various flaws have been pointed out in recent weeks. ethan heilman, one of the people finding out some of these flaws, is now being threatened with legal action. as such, charles hoskinson is considering to cover his legal fees if push comes to shove. the iota debacle explainedaccording to the letters published on tangleblog, there are a few critical weaknesses in iota’s code. these flaws are discovered by members of the digital currency initiative. in the letters, ethan heilman explains the flaws uncovered and how they came across them. the response by the iota team is cordial at first, but things quickly deteriorate from there on out. a request for documentation on the, title=ethereum founder hoskinson may cover legal fees for iota critic, summary=iota’s ethan heilman is being threatened with legal action if flaws are discovered, bleu=0.0309
summarize:as the technology behind the blockchain develops and evolves, its popularity will increase and more government and private organizations will look towards it for digital solutions. the latest country to embrace the blockchain is brazil where legislators are pushing to move popular petitions to the ethereum network. popular petitions (projeto de lei de iniciativa popular) are an important part of the political process in brazil. the process enables government officials to collect and verify signatures of 145 million registered voters. they also allow the public to have their opinions heard on pressing social and political issues. however, the sheer geographical and population size makes this a logistical nightmare for legislators. the primary problem with archaic paper-based systems is that voters are physically required to sign the documents making it a challenge to verify authenticity. additionally, the system is often viewed as detrimental to the country’s democratic process as popular petitions are rarely, title=brazilian electoral system to use ethereum blockchain network, summary=Brazilian Legislators Push to Move Popular Petitions to Ethereum, bleu=0.0477
summarize:fomo momentsred dominates crypto land, only qtum survives today. eos, tron, omisego and zcash get hammered. crypto traders and investors are probably dreading getting up each morning now to see markets plummet once again with seemingly no end in sight. over the past 24 hours markets have dumped another $12 billion from $255 to $243 billion, equating to a 4.7% fall. trade volume also took a sharp drop from $18 billion to $11 billion. bitcoin’s short recovery spell got kicked in the digital cojones when markets lost $8 billion in just over two hours. bitcoin has fallen 3% on the day and is struggling to stay above $6k, currently trading at $6,075. that prediction of a decline to around $5k seems to be holding strong, btc is currently in a downward channel, title=here we go again, another $12 billion dumped from crypto markets, summary=qtum, EOS, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Zcash, Omisego, BTC, IOTA, NEO: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0157
summarize:one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in japan has fallen victim to hackers thanks to their negligent storage practices. coincheck inc., have announced today that around half a billion dollars worth of the digital currency nem have been transferred without permission from the company’s hot storage wallet. the news broke late last night at a press conference held at the tokyo stock exchange. officials from coincheck inc. spoke of some 500 million xem tokens going missing but of little else. this has resulted in many investors losing faith in the space. following the news, a series of security steps were taken by coincheck inc. the first of these was to advise customers not to deposit in nem. this was followed up by a suspension of all trading of nem, before the decision was also made to suspend withdrawals of the affected cryptocurrency. finally, around three and a half hour later, the exchange took the drastic, title=$530 million hack of a cryptocurrency exchange: security flaws, summary=Coincheck: nem, Xem and Litecoin Exchanges Fall victim to Hackers, bleu=0.0339
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets have been pretty grim viewing over the past few days however they have started to show some signs of life during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin has remained above $7,000 and is inching towards $7,200, up 3% on the day. ethereum is still getting crushed but most of the altcoins are in the green again this morning. one or two are doing exceptionally well and the leader of the moment is vechain. according to coinmarketcap vechain is trading almost 29% higher this morning, leading the way in the top 25 altcoins. from around $2.27 this time yesterday ven has jumped to a daily high of $3 before falling back a little to $2.90. over the week it has remained at around the same level and has remade all losses from its weekly low of $2.15. against btc, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is vechain, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: vechain Leading the Way, bleu=0.0567
summarize:verge has announced that online supplement suppliers dioxyme now accept payment in verge (xvg) through the coinpayments plugin. dioxyme, which sells protein powder, nootropics and performance enhancers are offering a 10% discount using the code verge10. verge focuses on real-world adoptionverge is currently accepted by 94 vendors and can be used to pay for a variety of services from chess lessons to ui design to e-cigarettes. speculation has been rife over the idea of verge being accepted by paypal, but there has been little to suggest that this is in the works and paypal have recently called cryptocurrencies an experimentation. the verge community, or vergefam, put in an idea suggestion for spotify to accept xvg, which receieved 3,649 votes, but was closed as it was deemed, title=you can now buy performance enhancers with verge after partnership with health firm, summary=Verge Accepted by Dioxyme, Offers 10% Discount on Xvg, bleu=0.0
summarize:u. s. dollar backed stablecoin tether (usdt) has overtaken privacy coins monero and dash to reach the 12th highest cryptocurrency by market cap following a recent drop in prices. as crypto investors store more of their value in tether, the amount of money waiting for a bull run to enter the market is on the rise. tether shows market potentialover the past two weeks, monero and dash have succumbed to the downward pressures of the current bear market and dropped below tether, which has a market cap of $2.5 billion. this highlights how many people who own cryptocurrencies have moved into the altcoin during the past six months, and the amount of money that’s ready to move back into the market when conditions are favourable. while tether’s market cap is only a fraction of the crypto total market valuation, it may account, title=tether overtakes monero and dash as investors wait for bull market, summary=tether Overtakes Monero to Reach 12th Highest Cryptocurrency by Market Cap, bleu=0.0375
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is sideways but tezos is out on top, qtum and binance coin also doing well. as we enter the weekend crypto markets are up a little and have held off further selling pressure. total market capitalization is holding just below $270 billion and bitcoin has been consolidating for a few days. at the moment it is trading 1.3% higher on the day at $6,660 while ethereum is up 2% to a little over $470. the altcoins are a mixed bag but some are posting very strong gains at the moment and among them is tezos which is leading the fomo charge this saturday. according to coinmarketcap tezos is up 35% on the day trading at $1.73 from $1.16 this time yesterday. over the week the trade price has plunged over 60% from $4.4, title=cryptocurrency market update: tezos announces its arrival, surges 35%, summary=tezos, qtum, Binance and Litecoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is XRP, bleu=0.0374
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are back in the red; polymath is pumping but cardano, eos and stellar are getting hammered. the bears have regained control of crypto markets and the selloff has accelerated today. market capitalization has fallen further, dropping below $290 billion as altcoins get offloaded. recent sec rejection of the winklevoss etf may have sparked a wave of panic selling following a week of gains. bitcoin has dropped 1.3% over the past 24 hours falling back to $8,060, further bearish pressure could send it below $8k over the next few hours. ethereum has taken a 3% hit on the day dropping its price to just below $450. altcoins are getting battered at the moment with the top ten all in the red. cardano is getting spanked, title=cryptocurrency market update: polymath pumps on binance listing, summary=Cardano, EOS, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Crypto Markets Are Back in the Red, bleu=0.0215
summarize:various countries around the world are contemplating issuing their own virtual currency. most of these plans are put on ice, for the time being. seoul, the capital city of south korea, is taking a different approach. according to mayor park won-soon, the creation of the s-coin is imminent. the concept of s-coinwhen a city decides to issue its own "native currency”, there are a lot of questions waiting to be answered. in the case of s-coin, the currency will be used for various concepts throughout seoul. first of all, the new coin will be used to pay for public transportation. it is also a payment method for city-funded programs and environmental improvements. this draws some similarities to how bitcoin is used in zug. even so, s-coin will be controlled by the city council of seoul, rather than being, title=seoul prepares local population for digital currencies by launching s-coin, summary=s-coin will be used to pay for public transportation in south korea’s capital., bleu=0.0338
summarize:ripple is ‘very confident’ that it will hit china’s market this year with its blockchain-based payments solution, according to reports. sagar sarbhai, ripple’s head of government and regulatory relations for asia pacific, explained that while it was ‘still very early days,’ the team were discussing how it can enter the chinese industry with regulators, payment providers, and banks by the end of this year. a report from the express suggests that the company will initially launch its xcurrent software in china, allowing them to quickly settle cross-border payments. sarbhai said:this year you will see more announcements coming in on china, in terms of educating and differentiating us from some of the other cryptocurrencies that are out there. last year, brad garlinghouse, ripple ceo, said that a launch into china was in the pipeline, title=ripple ‘very confident’ of hitting china’s market this year with blockchain payments solution, summary=Ripple is ‘very confident’ it will hit China with its Blockchain-Based Payments Solution, bleu=0.0684
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is in pain; bitcoin cash, eos, cardano and monero are all hurting. the downward pressure has continued as the week draws to a close with markets plummeting further again today. after lulling just below $250 billion for a couple of days crypto markets have taken another turn south dropping below $240 billion and heading towards a new yearly low. that $5k bitcoin prediction is looking more likely as btc once again drops below $6k, falling 3.7% on the day to $5,890. ethereum has shadowed it with a 3% fall to just over $420 during asian trading. as usual all altcoins have been bashed again with only two showing any gains in the top 50. taking the biggest hit in the top ten at the moment is bitcoin cash dropping 6.7% over the past 24 hours, title=a new yearly low looms as crypto markets continue bleeding, summary=Bitcoin Cash, eos, Cardano and Monero are all in Pain as Crypto Markets Fall Further, bleu=0.0229
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is falling again; neo, tezos, and bytecoin are all in pain. as another week in crypto land comes to a close markets are bearish once again and all coins are falling. total market cap has not managed to push above $270 billion and is retreating back towards $260 billion. bitcoin has found no new buyers and has declined 2% on the day falling back to $6,560. the next support level is around $6,400 and it looks like it will be heading there over the weekend. ethereum has also retreated, down 3.2% to $460. all altcoins are in that familiar bearish pattern, losing more than their two big brothers. it the top ten bitcoin cash, eos, cardano and iota are all getting hit the hardest at the moment losing between 6 and 7%, title=another friday slide as crypto markets shed $10 billion, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: eota, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, IOTA, NEO, EOS and XRP, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets slowly healing this friday; vechain, xrp, lisk, and ontology performing well. the markets are still slowly healing from their lowest levels this year as we near another weekend in crypto land. total market capitalization is creeping up and is over $210 billion again but still not showing any signs of a sustained recovery. bitcoin has held the $6,400 support level and has inched up 1.3% on the day to just below $6,500. the next major resistance point for btc is $6,600 and signals are quite bullish at the moment. ethereum has clawed its way back to $300 and is 3% higher on the day. eth too is poised for more upsides as this friday proceeds. altcoins are mostly in the green at the moment with some gaining more than others. in the top ten ripple’, title=cryptocurrency update: vechain pumped on chinese vaccine tracking proposal, summary=vechain, XRP, Ontology, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0272
summarize:the ceo of wanchain has said cross-chain support will have a "huge impact” on the traditional financial industry by linking it to the crypto industry. in an interview with newsbtc, he discussed wanchain 2.0, which was launched on july 23 with cross-chain interoperability. wanchain version 2.0: "big milestone for the industry”wanchain has three primary objectives: privacy protection, smart contracts and interoperability. the first two were completed in january and wanchain 2.0 is the release of the third "pillar” allowing for cross-chain support. after six months of development, including one month of alpha testing and a period of beta testing, the product is ready to launch. version 2.0 supports eth to be transferred from the ethereum blockchain onto the wanchain platform which will be represented with weth tokens. this also allows for, title=wanchain 2.0 launches, ceo says crypto will have huge impact on finance industry, summary=wanchain’s CEO: eth will have a “huge impact” on traditional financial industry, bleu=0.068
summarize:interest in cryptocurrency has not diminished whatsoever. over in india there has always been a vibrant bitcoin ecosystem. it now seems the focus is slowly shifting to ethereum for some reason. it has been the most searched cryptocurrency in the country over the past five months. the rise of ethereum in indiathere is a lot more to the cryptocurrency industry than just bitcoin. various altcoins are making their impact on the industry as well. ethereum is perhaps the biggest "contender” in this regard. statistics in india seem to indicate the general public is more interested in this particular currency. this trend has materialized over the past five months and is not slowing down just yet. more specifically, searches for ethereum in india represent 34.4% of all searches. bitcoin, on the other hand, comes in second place with 29.9%. it may not seem like a big difference, yet it does set the overall tone, title=report: ethereum becomes more popular than bitcoin in india, summary=ethereum is the Most Searched Cryptocurrency in India, bleu=0.0511
summarize:earlier today, on may 31, prestigious us university cornell professor emin gün sirer noted that the vast majority of proof-of-work (pow)-based cryptocurrency require less than $1 million per day to successfully carry out a 51 percent attack. computing power is security"the cost to 51% attack various coins. most of these coins cost a pittance to attack. if your savings are in a coin, or anything else, that costs less than $1m/day to attack, you should reconsider what you are doing,” said sirer.51crypto, a platform which shows the amount of hash rate and money required to take over a blockchain network through a 51 percent attack, demonstrates that small cryptocurrencies such as bytecoin, bitcoin private, and ubiq can be attacked with less than a thousand dollars per hour. even cryptocurrencies like bitcoin gold and, title=most cryptocurrency cost less than $1 million a day to 51% attack: cornell professor, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Zcash, Monero: 51% Attack Costs $1 Million/Day, bleu=0.0432
summarize:fomo momentshappy days in crypto land, green across the board with neo, nem, eos and bytecoin streaking ahead. things are looking a little brighter this week in crypto land but we are not out of the woods yet and the bears are still lurking. markets pumped again yesterday adding a further $20 billion to the market capitalization which is now over $270 billion. bitcoin had a 300 point spurt breaking resistance and jumping 4.6% to $6,660 which has pulled the rest of the altcoins up with it. ethereum has performed even better rising 6.5% to over $480 and even the sluggish xrp shot up 9% to $0.50. eos, cardano, and iota are all up by double digits at the moment, around 16% on the day. but, title=cryptocurrency market update: neo leading the altcoin resurgence, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Cardano and XRP are all up., bleu=0.0
summarize:it’s always good to see existing cryptocurrency services support new currencies. in the case of shapeshift, they have been adding quite a few coins throughout 2017. it seems this trend will carry over into 2018, as the first new currency has been added already. neo, one of the top 15 cryptocurrencies, is now available for trading on this platform. supporting different currencies is the bread and butter of shapeshift. this service allows users to convert between different currencies without creating an account. although it can’t be used for major transactions in one go, it has a certain appeal. especially for users who don’t want to rely on regular exchanges, such a platform can make a big difference. after all, it is convenient, has low fees, and transactions are completed very quickly. adding neo to the list of supported currencies makes a lot of sense. neo trading is live on shapeshiftas a, title=shapeshift enables neo support for cryptocurrency enthusiasts, summary=Shapeshift Adds neo to the List of New Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0477
summarize:the winklevoss twins have been strong advocates of bitcoin since they invested back when it was trading at $8. today the billionaire brothers have their own exchange which is set to expand to include others from the ‘satoshi family tree’, these are likely to be litecoin and bitcoin cash. welcoming members of the satoshi familythe gemini exchange operates primarily as a bitcoin and ethereum trading platform, however the twins have plans to expand this to include ltc and bch this year. the move could have a big impact on cboe global markets inc which is gemini’s partner on bitcoin futures. the chicago based exchange also has plans to expand its futures contracts beyond bitcoin and currently uses gemini to calculate its xbt contracts. at the 34th annual cboe risk management conference the twins discussed ‘, title=gemini exchange likely to list litecoin and bitcoin cash, summary=the winklevoss twins have their own exchange which is set to expand to include litecoin and bitcoin cash, bleu=0.1488
summarize:key highlightseth price moved down recently and it broke the $1200 support against the us dollar. there are bearish trend lines forming with resistance at $1170 and $1225 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair remains under a bearish pressure below $1200 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum price moved down against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently holding the $1070 support, but it is below the 100 hourly sma. ethereum price supportyesterday, eth price failed to move above the $1300 level against the us dollar and moved down. the price traded lower and broke the $1200 support area and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the decline was steady and the price even cleared the $1100 support. it traded as low as $1079 from where an upside recovery was initiated, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd testing key support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Breaks $1200, bleu=0.1395
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are ontology, tron, ethereum classic, and icon. the bears were caught napping and a small, but possibly short-lived, bounce occurred in the crypto markets a few hours ago. in what appears to be a single whale transaction, bitcoin shot up $300 in a matter of minutes at 23.30 utc. the short pump has resulted in a 4% gain on the day for bitcoin which is currently trading at $6,730. as usual the other cryptos will benefit from this and ethereum also clawed its way back over $500, up 4% on the day to $517. most of the altcoins are in the green at the moment following days of downward motion from bearish selling pressure. ontology and tron are posting the highest gains in the top 25 at the time of writing, title=cryptocurrency market update: ontology (ont) price profits from new partnership, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins are Ontology, tron, Ethereum Classic and Icon, bleu=0.0263
summarize:just weeks after a digital wallet provider for stellar lumens was hacked another altcoin wallet has been hit. this time iota users found their wallets emptied by hackers using malicious online seed generators. it was estimated that $4 million in iota tokens was stolen in the digital heist. according to the ib times the attackers used spurious websites to generate password details for the fintech network. the hackers also used ddos attacks during the incursion and succeeded in moving iota users’ assets to their wallets via seeds they got from a compromised website. stolen seedsseed generation is a process whereby an 81 character string is created to open or protect an iota wallet. it is the equivalent of a username and password, or a digital key. online seed generating websites can perform this task which is quite complex, title=iota wallet hackers make off with $4m loot, summary=iota users find their wallets emptied by hackers using malicious online seed generators, bleu=0.0367
summarize:japan leads the cryptocurrency world both in trading volumes and crypto-friendly regulation. now, sixteen crypto exchanges in japan will establish a self-regulatory body to prevent hacks. regulatory body for cryptocurrency marketjapan is the largest cryptocurrency market in the world, boasting 61% of global trading volume for bitcoin, which is held by 2.7% of the country’s population. its crypto-friendly regulation has allowed many businesses to emerge, including the first bitcoin exchange in the world – a bitcoin market set up in 2010. but where there’s money, there’s risk. that first bitcoin market was quickly brought due to a scam in the same year. as time went by, the crypto market in japan flourished, as well as scams and hacks. four years later, the famous mt. gox heist was covered by the news media worldwide. the exchange went bankrupt after having approximately 850,000 bitcoin, title=japan creates regulatory body to prevent cryptocurrency exchange hacks, summary=Japan’s 16 Crypto Exchanges to Establish Self-Regulatory Body to Prevent Hacks, bleu=0.0375
summarize:as the us securities exchange commission continues to debate over whether ethereum qualifies as a security or not, developers go on about the business of pushing the network forward at a three-day gathering. sec continues to debate what qualifies as a securityformer chairman of the commodity futures trading commission gary gensler speaking at mit technology review’s business of blockchain conference on monday suggested that government officials need to be looking at the largest cryptocurrencies by market capitalization, not just ico’s, when deciding what should be classified as securities. speaking specifically about ethereum and ripple he continued to say "the sec and regulators need to bring clarity, (many cryptocurrencies) are operating outside of u. s. laws.” as was reported in bloomberg. if the sec decides that a cryptocurrency is a security it can then only be traded on registered exchanges within the, title=sec wrangles over ethereum’s status but developers more concerned with scaling, summary=Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Experts, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsthe rout has continued and markets have fallen faster again today. selling pressure could not be overcome and has accelerated through the morning in asia with markets tumbling towards $300 billion. bitcoin has continued to slide falling back 4% on the day to $7,600. in the time tested formula, altcoins have all fallen heavily again today. a sea of red covers the boards once again with only one or two coins showing minor gains. the one not drowning at the moment is steem. coinmarketcap reports that steem is steaming at the moment, up 8% on the day to $3.22. it was trading at under $3 this time yesterday morning and is showing positive momentum when all other altcoins are crashing. over the week steem has seen similar gains of 6% but the uptrend happened a few hours ago. on the month steem, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: steem steams ahead, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: steem, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0383
summarize:one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges has issued a statement regarding the recently launched "el petro” (ptr) – a digital currency supposedly backed by venezuela’s crude oil reserves. bitfinex are refusing to list the planet’s first ever state-issued cryptocurrency. the petro offers "limited utility”the reasons cited in the blog post from bitfinex that was published earlier today are two fold. firstly, the company declared that the digital currency offers "limited utility”. however, given the lengthy list of altcoins that also seem to serve little to no purpose on the exchange, it’s much more likely that it was the second cited reason that has influenced bitfinex’s ultimate decision. the post read:"in addition, it [listing the petro] could be construed as an attempt to circumvent, title=bitfinex refuses to list venezuelan petro digital currency, summary=Bitfinex Says Cryptocurrency ‘El Petro’ Offers ‘Limited Utility’, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are ontology, dash, bytecoin and bitcoin gold. as another week comes to an end in crypto land markets are down once again on the week. after hitting a weekly low of $242 billion markets have clawed back a little but are still very bearish. bitcoin is up a meager 1.3% on the day to trade at $6,280. it broke through support at $6,400 and has fallen over the past week, a dip below $6,000 could be imminent if buyers cannot be found. ethereum is up 2% on the day but still low trading at just over $440. most altcoins are marginally up today following a week of heavy losses. according to coinmarketap the top performing coin in the top 25 at the time of writing is ontology which is up 11% on the day. currently trading at, title=cryptocurrency market update: ontology (ont) and bitcoin gold (btg) leading the rally, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins in the Top 25, bleu=0.0248
summarize:bitpay is the world’s leading bitcoin payment processor. the company is looking well beyond the world’s leading cryptocurrency as well. their support for bitcoin cash has been quite interesting to keep an eye on. it is now possible to sue bch with the bitpay visa debit card as well. more importantly, this is done at no fee. bitpay continues to surpriseit is evident there is more to cryptocurrency than just bitcoin. even companies such as bitpay acknowledge things are changing rapidly in this ecosystem. the company recently introduced support for bitcoin cash as an extra currency. this news has been received with great enthusiasm by the bch faithful. however, this support doesn’t extend to transactions and payment processing. bitpay has also enabled bch as a funding method for their native visa debit card. this change went into effect as of this week. it is an intriguing change which catches a lot of people by surprise as of right now. owners, title=bitpay visa top-ups become a lot cheaper with bitcoin cash, summary=Bitpay Allows Visa Debit Card Suit for Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0
summarize:satoshi nakamoto’s bitcoin white paper envisioned the use of an electronic money that would be "purely peer-to-peer.” this means no third parties would be involved in any way–online payments would go directly from one party to another without any interference. though this is how bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies were designed, for the most part, this isn’t how they’re exchanged. this is because a large number of cryptocurrency transactions go through exchanges like bitfinix, bithumb, and bittrex. alone, these three exchanges account for over $12 billion in 24-hour trading volume. the rise in the value of many cryptocurrencies has seen a surge in trading volumes over the past couple of months, with one major drawback–exchanges are becoming increasingly more centralized and increasingly more powerful. the cryptocurrency community, of all people, should be wary of the dangers of centralization., title=bitcoin atom wants to make cryptocurrency transfers, summary=Bitcoin White Paper: Payments Would Be 'Peer-to-peer', No Third Party Interfering, bleu=0.0
summarize:the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, binance, has announced that it is planning on opening an office in the warmer climes of malta. founded last year in hong kong by changpeng zhao, the exchange moved its operations to japan in response to china’s ban on crypto activities last september. now, it looks as though the exchange will be relocating again given the recent crack down with japanese authorities. in an interview with bloomberg, zhao said that binance is close to securing a deal with banks on the southern european island country, where it will provide a ‘fiat-to-crypto exchange,’ adding:we are very confident we can announce a banking partnership there soon. malta is very progressive when it comes to crypto and fintech. news of binance’s planned move to malta comes after the, title=world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange binance moves to malta, with prime minister’s welcome, summary=Binance Moves to Malta after China Bans Crypto Exchanges, bleu=0.0306
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started an upside recovery from $1494, but failed to gain momentum against the us dollar. there was a break above a connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $1600 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair traded higher, but failed to retain momentum and started a new downside move below $1600. bitcoin cash price is struggling to gain momentum above $1650-1700 against the us dollar. bch/usd may resume its downtrend and it could even break the $1500 support. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a minor recovery initiated in bitcoin cash price from the $1500 swing high against the us dollar. the price moved higher after trading as low as $1494. it moved above the $1550 and $1600 resistance levels. there was also a break above a connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $1600 on the hourly chart, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd fails once again, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1500, bleu=0.1934
summarize:line, the most widely utilized messaging application in japan with over 200 million active monthly users, is attempting to establish dominance over the blockchain and crypto sector with various ventures including a cryptocurrency exchange and a decentralized application (dapp) platform. crypto exchangeon june 28, newsbtc reported that line has finalized its plans to launch a cryptocurrency exchange by july of this year. based in singapore, bitbox, a digital asset exchange developed and operated by line, will run as a complete cryptocurrency exchange independent of the main messaging platform supporting 30 cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ethereum, and ripple. the line team said in an official statement that initially, the exchange will not provide cryptocurrency-to-fiat trading support. if line would have had established its trading platform in japan, by obtaining a license from the financial services agency (fsa), it could, title=how line, japan’s biggest messaging app, is going all out on crypto, summary=Line to Launch a Cryptocurrency Exchange by july, bleu=0.0
summarize:komodo platform, a cryptocurrency project that focuses on providing anonymity through zero-knowledge proofs and security through a novel delayed proof of work (dpow) protocol, has entered a strategic partnership agreement with valuenet capital, beijing-based venture capital fund. komodo platform to launch world’s first decentralized ico with help from valuenet capitalforked from zcash by the supernet team, komodo platform offers complete independence on the blockchain, including decentralized exchange, decentralized icos, and atomic swaps. the agreement with valuenet capital, however, is focused on decentralized initial coin offerings (dicos). mounting regulatory pressure worldwide is creating the demand for a completely decentralized solution. komodo platform wants to deliver. its technology allows entrepreneurs and business owners to launch completely independent blockchains on the komodo platform., title=komodo platform partners with valuenet capital ahead of first decentralized ico, summary=komodo to Launch World’s First Decentralized ICO, bleu=0.0371
summarize:augur, a cryptocurrency project on the ethereum network, has just announced that it be launching its long-awaited prediction platform. augur prediction platform: three years in the makingfor the uninitiated, augur is a decentralized predictions platform based on the ethereum network, that allows for users to create and place bets on any event. whether it be the next american president or the winner of this year’s world cup, augur users will be able to place their hard-earned cryptocurrency funds on an outcome. vitalik buterin, well-known co-founder of ethereum and advisor to forecast foundation, the organization behind the prediction platform, expressed his excitement for a prediction platform, stating:"i have been excited about the possibility of prediction markets on ethereum for a long time.”while this sounds all well and good, for over two years, title=augur releases long-awaited prediction platform, summary=Augur Launches Cryptocurrency Prediction Platform, bleu=0.0
summarize:it has been a rather interesting week for ethereum in many different ways. a lot of things have taken place behind the scenes. ranging from plasma updates to the sec ruling a small sharding update, things are coming together nicely for ethereum. even so, the cryptocurrency continues to struggle in the price department, for the time being. ethereum price and good newssumming up the past week for ethereum is not all that easy. a lot of developments are taking place regarding sharding and plasma, two major scaling solutions. on the plasma front, there have been some minor updates regarding implementation calls. additionally, there has been some talk regarding plasma debit. this particular feature has the potential of introducing payment channels to plasma cash. there is still a lot of work to be done prior to bringing plasma to the mainstream. if successful, it will successfully help ethereum scale, title=major ethereum developments offer a positive outlook despite market volatility, summary=ethereum Price Updates, Plasma Sharding, and Plasma Debit: What’s Next?, bleu=0.0284
summarize:fomo momentsanother monday morning in crypto land brings us a little more hope as markets are once again climbing back towards $400 billion. bullish technical signals are aplenty and bitcoin is currently 2.9% up on the day at $8,500. the weekend has been flat with no news or momentum in either direction. altcoins are pretty much all in the green this morning making steady gains. the altcoin everybody loves to hate is shooting off again this morning, tron. take a look at any social media crypto group and you’ll see posts taking jibes at tron and its founder. but there is no denying that trx is traded heavily in asia where they seem to have a different opinion. coinmarketcap is reporting a 19% climb for tron since this time yesterday with strong technical signals for further gains. currently trading at $0.084 from $0.070 24, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: tron trounces other altcoins, surpasses iota, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: tron, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0506
summarize:cryptocurrencies have seen some significant, broad-based selling pressure in recent weeks that could be attributed to several factors. without a doubt, the notion of increasing regulation has played a role in the recent downside, and ongoing changes in the regulatory environment could continue to fuel market volatility. south korea has already taken some significant steps to regulate trading in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, as new rules are set to take effect this week. the south korean financial services commission will, as of january 30th, require that any trade in cryptocurrencies take place from a real-name bank account. previously, many exchanges had required only an email address to trade cryptocurrencies. although the previous level of anonymity may have been attractive for some, it also presents some significant problems. the real-name rule is a significant step in the fight against money laundering and other potentially illegal activities. it will allow banks to enforce their kyc (, title=will regulation weigh on cryptocurrencies?, summary=South Korea to Require Real-Name Bank Accounts for Cryptocurrency Trading, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are flat this morning with few coins moving; chainlink doing well but aelf, tenx and bitcoin gold suffering. as we start another working week crypto land remains flat after a weekend of inactivity across the markets. there have been virtually no movements in total market capitalization which remains under $300 billion. bitcoin hasn’t moved at all and is still trading at $8,160 where it was this time yesterday. likewise with ethereum which is trading at $465, the same level as the weekend. altcoins are mostly in the red but by very small amounts, the top ten is pretty much the same as yesterday. stellar has fallen back the most once again with a 4% decline to $0.30. over the week xlm is still up 3.5% since last monday. the top twenty is also red at the moment with all coins in decline aside from ethereum, title=cryptocurrency market update: waiting for signals on a flat monday, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: XRP, Stellar, Litecoin, EOS, Ripple, Ether, BTC, Crypto, bleu=0.0202
summarize:a new industry report predicts big gains for bitcoin cash matched by like declines in ethereum as 2018 moves through late spring. report expects bch to reach $2000 by maythe report titled cryptocurrencies: past, present, and future in which researchers claim to have used a combination of historical data and a "data-driven algorithm” has resulted in some very optimistic predictions for the near future of bitcoin cash while calling for grim times ahead for ethereum, saying it "will plummet by more than $237 per unit in the next month or so.” as reported by the express.2018 has been a rough start for cryptocurrencies across the board as the market feels the repercussions from the success and fears generated by the dramatic rise and fall in prices at the cusp of the new year. confusion over regulation and warnings that the cryptomarket is an empty bubble have taken their toll on, title=analyst: ethereum price decline was expected, flawed argument, summary=Bitcoin Cash to Reach $2000 by May, ethereum to plummet by $237, bleu=0.0313
summarize:as reported earlier this week, meat and cold cut company oscar mayer is running a promotion called ‘bacoin,’ a cryptocurrency-inspired redemption program designed to get people to promote bacon on social media. but there’s a problem. bacoin tokenaccording to new reports, the kraft/heinz-owned company weren’t the first to bring bacoin to the market. a 27-year-old it worker from michigan called kirk steele says he created a cryptocurrency called bacoin designed to be ‘backed’ by bacon in 2014. the coins, just like mayer’s bacoin, were meant to be able to be redeemed for strips of bacon. this monday, steele sent the bacoin promotion administrator, helloworld inc., a cease-and-desist letter demanding the company stop the, title=oscar mayer’s ‘bacoin’ campaign sent cease-and-desist order, summary=oscar mayer’s 'bacoin' promotion is a cryptocurrency-inspired redemption program for bacon, bleu=0.075
summarize:the ethereum network is growing at an accelerated pace. with hundreds of tokens issued on top of this technology, things look rather promising. additionally, there’s substantial growth in the number of dapps making use of ethereum’s technology. all of this seems to hint at a bright future for this project in general. ethereum attracts a lot of peoplethe overall interest in the ethereum ecosystem cannot be denied. alethio’s christian crowley recently shared some interesting statistics regarding this particular situation. according to the company’s analytics, ethereum is now home to over 700 tokens issued on top of this blockchain infrastructure. most of the tokens adhere to the erc20 standard, albeit some are exploring erc223 as well. while that is impressive, it only tells part of the story. the more intriguing statistic is how, title=ethereum network noted major growth in 2017, analytics firm claims, summary=ethereum Network is Growing at an Accelerated Rate, With Over 700 Tokens, bleu=0.0367
summarize:us based provider of merchant services and payment processing aliant payments systems has confirmed that it has entered into an official partnership with the litecoin foundation. the company is the first to officially complete the litecoin foundation’s registration process making it the first official payments partner and litecoin payments processor. litecoin has experienced a tumultuous month or two with all the hype leading up to the litepay launch which fell flat on its face. prices surged and slid and ltc has taken a beating with the rest of the altcoins this week. the confirmation is some desperately needed good news for the litecoin foundation though it has had little effect. aliant has been in the payments industry for 15 years, the partnership will allow the litecoin foundation to provide an option for merchants seeking a vetted and approved payments processor. aliant, title=aliant confirms status as litecoin’s first official payments partner, summary=aliant Signs Official Partnership with Litecoin Foundation, bleu=0.0494
summarize:nebula, a cryptocurrency exchange which aims to provide support for cryptocurrencies that struggle to find affordable listing, will launch by the end of march with a unique reputation system. on major cryptocurrency exchanges like binance and bitfinex, it is difficult to find cryptocurrencies with small market valuations and shallow order books, because large cryptocurrencies tend to list cryptocurrencies with the potential to attract high profile buyers and large-scale traders. as such, cryptocurrency traders rely on exchanges like huobi and okex for small market cap coins. according to the nebula development team, the exchange was built specifically to support orphaned projects that could not find affordable listing. it will be able to support cryptocurrencies and blockchain projects left out by major cryptocurrency trading platforms. some exchanges impose a listing fee in the range of $50,000 to over $500,000, which is realistically not possible for small cryptocurrencies and, title=crypto exchange nebula launches in march with unique reputation system, summary=nebula Launches to Support Orphaned Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0417
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are ethereum classic, binance coin, qtum and bitcoin diamond. the massive selloff that initiated with a huge crypto dump on sunday has continued into the week. monday saw further losses and those have been extended into today as markets continue to fall. bitcoin has reached what could be a temporary bottom at around $6,850, it has leveled off and clawed back around a percent over the past 24 hours. ethereum is still dropping, down to around $530 where it seems to have leveled out for now. after the beating altcoins have taken in the past 48 hours they seem to have reached a plateau though many are still falling and there is a lot of red across the boards. there is only one big pump going on today and that is ethereum classic. coimmarketcap is reporting a 25%, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: ethereum classic the only winner, summary=ethereum Classic, Binance Coin, qtum, Bitcoin Diamond, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis – XRP, BTC, EOS and Litecoin, bleu=0.0172
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is still at the bottom, stellar doing well, vechain getting smashedthe hope in crypto land at the moment is that the bottom has been reached and a recovery will now begin. however we have seen bottoms before and they have repeatedly been followed by lower lows. total market capitalization has inched back up today as some altcoins recover from their big dip. the general outlook remains bearish though as the small rally has already started turning south. bitcoin remained above $6k and has climbed back 1.7% on the day to trade at $6,450. it could form a strong reversal if it can climb back to the critical $6,800 level over the weekend. market dominance has just surpassed 49% indicating more strength in bitcoin than any of the other cryptos. ethereum has not benefited from any market recovery and is still flat on the day, title=hope for crypto recovery as stellar (xlm) leads the way, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Still at Bottom, bleu=0.0
summarize:robinhood crypto announced on 6 august that ethereum classic was now available for investment, commission-free, on its platform. the announcement was made via a tweet on its twitter account and an official blog post. ethereum classic defies the declineethereum classic (etc) rose over 9% and jumped from rank 12 to 11 as the news came out. most other cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth), and xrp, however, witnessed a fall in prices. among the top 10 on coin market cap, xrp was down by over 4%, iota by nearly 13% and stellar by almost 2%. the blog post also stated that investors could invest in bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, litecoin, and dogecoin, and access the market data for 10 other cryptocurrencies. apart from the, title=ethereum classic (etc) rises higher on robinhood listing, summary=ethereum Classic Now Available for Investment, Commission-Free, bleu=0.043
summarize:privacy plays an ever-growing role of importance in the world of cryptocurrency. very few coins can effectively offer this important trait at this stage. pivx, an altcoin with a small following, is evolving in an interesting direction. it has now become the world’s first anonymous proof-of-stake cryptocurrency. why does proof-of-stake matter? cryptocurrency enthusiasts are familiar with the difference between proof-of-work and proof-of-stake. the rest of the world may not aware of the subtle differences between the two. unlike bitcoin with its proof-of-work mining algorithm, a proof-of-stake currency does not require a mining process at all. it still allows users to generate additional currencies on the network by keeping a number of coins in their wallet at all times. in most cases, a proof-of-stake currency requires on wallet users to be online at all times. the, title=pivx becomes the world’s first anonymous proof-of-stake cryptocurrency, summary=Pivx is the World’s First Anonymous Proof-of-Stake Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0552
summarize:fomo momentsas we end the week crypto markets are still looking bullish and most coins are on the way up. total market capitalization is now over $450 billion and bitcoin has made more gains overnight. currently trading at $9,600 btc is up 3.8% on the day and is approaching key resistance near the $10k level. altcoins are a mixed bunch during asian trading, some are performing well while others have retracted a little from weekly highs. the coin out in front at the moment is nano. according to coinmarketcap nano is trading 21% higher on the day. it is the only altcoin in the top 25 with double digit gains at the moment. currently trading at $10.2 nano has made gains from $8.45 where it was this time yesterday. over the week this altcoin has made gains of 40% from $7.28 this time last friday. nano has been, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: nano lifted on binance giveaway, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Nano, bleu=0.043
summarize:the rising popularity of cryptocurrencies is of great concern. especially when it comes to pump-and-dump schemes, there’s reason to be concerned. as such, the cftc issued an official warning against this type of market manipulation. they advise customers to avoid such schemes, especially when it comes to small and new altcoin markets. it is evident doing one’s research is always the best course of action. in the world of cryptocurrency, pump-and-dump schemes are nothing new. in fact, they are a lot more common than some people might think. the cftc has issued an official warning on this topic earlier this week. this is quite a surprise, even though it is evident consumers need to be aware of these manipulative efforts. especially smaller cap coins and new alternative cryptocurrencies pose a significant risk in this regard. moreover, it is always best to avoid any promotion on social media altogether., title=cftc warns against cryptocurrency pump-and-dump schemes, summary=cftc Issues Warning against Pump-and-Dump Schemes, bleu=0.0965
summarize:fomo momentsthe bullish momentum has run out of steam and buying pressure has been exhausted this morning in asia. crypto markets have corrected slightly and there is more red than green on the board at the moment. bitcoin has lost almost 2% but is still just above the key $8,000 level. altcoins have largely retracted a little bit but many of them are holding steady. as usual one is steaming off towards the moon and performing way ahead of its siblings and today that altcoin is verge. according to coinmarketcap xvg went off like a rocket a few hours ago and is currently trading 18% higher on the day. verge is currently trading at $0.10 from $0.084 this time yesterday, over the week it has posted solid gains rising around 20% in the seven day period. on the monthly chart xvg has jumped over 200% from $0.032 this time last month, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is verge, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Xvg, Verge, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0165
summarize:nano, the cryptocurrency focused on instant and feeless transactions, has had a recurring problem with unexpected technical errors. the recent release of the official nano wallet was no exception, as developers found a bug that threatened the security of user’s funds. nano team: "immediately move your funds to another wallet”june 21st came with the release of the long-awaited nano wallet, with prices rising by over 10% within 24 hours. the nano wallet quickly skyrocketed to the front pages of app stores, with the app achieving the ‘trending’ status on the google play store. the android wallet quickly garnered over 10,000 downloads, with users expecting similar numbers on other platforms. however, just five hours after the official announcement, developers found a security flaw in the code of the android version of the wallet. the nano team took to twitter, issuing a vital message to let users know about the, title=official: nano wallet experiences multiple security scares, summary=Bitcoin Price Rises 10% in 24 Hours as Developers Fix Cryptocurrency Bug, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsthings are looking rather pleasant for crypto markets during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin has sustained solid growth of over 7% on the day and currently trades at just over $11,450, this has pulled the majority of the altcoins to higher levels. one way out in front of the pack at the moment is ethereum classic. coinmarketcap has etc trading at 26.5% higher than this time yesterday. the price hike has sent the altcoin from $34 to $43.5 in 24 hours. it is way ahead of the next best performer in the top 25 which is vechain. looking at the weekly chart ethereum classic is up almost 50% on the $28 it was trading at this time last tuesday. the recent spike in price happened a few hours ago when consolidation was broken on the upside and it jumped almost 10% in about an hour., title=top cryptocurrency is ethereum classic, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis – ethereum Classic Up 50%, vechain Up 10%, bleu=0.0284
summarize:bithumb has announced in a tweet today that it will add five new cryptocurrencies to their trading lineup which may result in trading price spikes for all. bithumb adds five new currencies to its exchangeone of the largest south korean cryptocurrency exchanges bithumb took to twitter earlier to let its over 200,000 followers know that they have added five new coins today. the newly listed coins are tenx(pay), wax(wax), power ledger(powr), loopring(lrc), gifto(gto). today, we are listing five new coins tenx(pay), wax(wax), power of ledger(powr), loopring(lrc), gifto(gto)@tenx @wax_io @powerledger_io @loopringorg @gifto_io pc : https://, title=bithumb adds five new altcoins to its exchange, price pumps expected, summary=Bithumb Adds Five New Cryptocurrencies to Their Trading Lineup, bleu=0.0342
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is pretty flat; altcoins recovering slightly are stellar, tezos and 0x, but bitcoin diamond is pumpingthe weekend has been quiet in crypto land with no major gains or losses. markets are up marginally creeping above $280 billion again but with little direction for future momentum. bitcoin has moved back towards its resistance level of $7,400, pushing slightly above it with a 1.7% gain to $7,450. if buyers continue throughout the day there could be another rally up towards $8k. ethereum has been sluggish over the past few days with minor gains keeping it just above $465. altcoins are all in the green at the moment with stellar leading the top ten pack regaining 7% on the day. xlm is currently trading at $0.295 according to cmc, it surpassed litecoin to take, title=cryptocurrency market update: bitcoin diamond (bcd) price doubles on hitbtc listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: XLM, Stellar, Litecoin, IOTA, EOS, BTC, NEO, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether, bleu=0.0165
summarize:verge, a cryptocurrency that boasts security, anonymity, and privacy as it’s strong points has been hit by another so-called 51% hack. same hack different dayonly a day after announcing a new partnership with the medical supplement company dioxyme to allow customers to pay with its xvg cryptocurrency, verge has lost an estimated 35 million coins worth $1.7 million in an attack that lasted just a few hours. this latest attack was recognized and reported on bitcointalk.org by the same user who goes by the online name ocminer that reported a previous attack in april which exploited the same vulnerability in verge’s code to mine a large number of blocks and reap the rewards over a short period of time according to tnw. the april attack dubbed by the company as a "small hash attack” on twitter is, title=verge loses $1.7 million as hackers double down on vulnerabilities, summary=Verge Loses $1.7 Million in 51% Hack, bleu=0.0764
summarize:the use of crypto donations by a venezuelan citizen has shown cryptocurrencies are better than some fiat currencies even though they have been dismissed as too volatile. these donations also highlight the changing perception of crypto away from its murky past on the dark net. crypto helps citizens affected by hyper-inflationthe nano community has donated almost $5,000 worth to a venezuelan called hector. after initially receiving a month’s worth of salary (0.5 nano, or $1.20), further donations enabled him to buy 300 kg of food with 61 nano ($145). the balance in the account now stands at 1,809 nano ($4,178) which equates to almost 9,000 kg of food. hector is choosing to store the donations as nano instead of his local currency, the bolvar, and has been buying food from a vendor who accepts nano payments. this showcases how cryptocurrencies in their, title=crypto becomes proper alternative to cash in struggling economies, summary=a venezuelan citizen donates $5,000 to buy 9,000 kg of food with nano donations, bleu=0.0263
summarize:venezuela’s petro cryptocurrency has been off to an interesting start. despite clear opposition from various countries, the venezuelan governments want to improve the widespread use of this currency. as such, the government is now looking at india to purchase crude oil from venezuela at a 30% discount. this discount will only apply if india uses the petro for the payment, which remains a troublesome topic of conversation. can the petro succeed? it is evident venezuela’s cryptocurrency is a topic of debate. this new form of money is met with resistance from within the government and other countries alike. especially the united states isn’t too happy about this project given the sanctions imposed upon this country many moons ago. with the petro, venezuela would effectively be able to bypass these sanctions, which can open up a completely new can of, title=venezuela coaxes india to pay for crude oil with petro cryptocurrency, summary=petro: venezuela’s government looking at India to buy crude oil at 30% discount, bleu=0.0625
summarize:while all eyes are on major cryptocurrencies and those on the top 10 largest market cap list, let’s take a moment to introduce some lesser known altcoins and new icos. today’s we’ll be looking at zcash and kodakcoin. zcash (zec) overviewzcash is a decentralized and open-source cryptocurrency. zcash coin code is zec. standing at the 23rd position in terms of cryptocurrency market cap, zcash aims to differentiate itself from others by focusing a great deal on privacy. according to their website, zcash is based on peer-reviewed cryptographic research and built by a security-specialized engineering team on an open source platform based on bitcoin core’s battle-tested codebase. what’s unique about zcash? zcash enables, title=lesser known altcoins to look into: kodakcoin and zcash, summary=zcash, kodakcoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Top Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0493
summarize:today may well go down in crypto lore as ‘red friday’. the third dip has come and it has been lower than before, the lowest point so far this year as total market cap dropped below $253 billion. the selloff continued this morning in asia as bitcoin plummeted to a low of $6,800. many altcoins have also dropped back down to third quarter 2017 price levels. every single one of them is in the red today and none look like showing any gains in the short term. as predicted in an op ed on newsbtc a few days ago, if the last low of $275 billion on march 18 is broken then it will go lower. total market cap has fallen back to late november levels but the difference this time is that the sentiment is still bearish whereas in late 2017 crypto markets were extremely bullish. the fud and bad news has kept, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: red friday selloff continues, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins Are in the Red, bleu=0.042
summarize:love it or hate it verge is one of those cryptocurrencies that gets a reaction. crypto groups on social media seem to spend most of their time bashing xvg but there is no denying that the altcoin has performed well over the past two months and the team is equally active online. following its partnership with pornhub, the verge community is now angling to get into bed with music streaming service spotify. where porn goes, the world followsthe verge community would call the recent partnership with pornhub a resounding success. they managed to crowd sale a whole bunch of tokens worth around $3 million at the time leading up to it which had the added bonus of pushing the price of xvg up in anticipation. to keep the momentum rolling the verge team is now making the case for inclusion of the privacy base crypto coin on the spotify platform. spotify has over 70 million, title=verge uses porn to angle for spotify partnership, summary=Verge Angry to Join Music Streaming Service Spotify, bleu=0.0552
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is doing well today, altcoins on the up include bitcoin cash, neo, tezos and bitcoin diamond. the weekend has been a little brighter in crypto land has upward momentum has resumed and there have been no further declines. a few hours ago markets shot up over $10 billion in less than an hour in one epic pump. total market capitalization shot from around $266 billion to just under $280 billion before pulling back a little. bitcoin jumped $250 in less than an hour giving it a 2.8% gain on the day. btc is currently trading at $6,830 and technical indicators suggest that it could reach $7,000. ethereum followed suit with a 4.6% gain to trade at $490 again with positive signals to break $500. altcoins are mostly in the green this sunday with a few streaking ahead of the, title=happy sunday in crypto land as markets pump by $14 billion, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins on the Upside, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrencies are an intriguing financial tool for many different reasons. while the primary focus is on speculation, stormx shows things can be done differently. travel enthusiasts can now fly in first class by using their native cryptocurrency. cryptocurrency opens new doorsit is safe to say the future looks interesting for cryptocurrencies. if stormx is to be believed, the travel industry will be prone to disruption by this new form of money. more specifically anyone looking to fly first class can now do so through the native storm cryptocurrency. this new service has come to market in collaboration with i only fly first class. this particular travel concierge service provider will be a prominent partner for stormx moving forward. users who have the storm play app can earn this new cryptocurrency accordingly. it can also be purchased from small exchanges. so far, none of the major trading platforms have opened a market for this new coin as of yet. that situation may change thanks to this positive development. storm tokens will, title=travelers can receive discounts on first class flights with a crypto, summary=Travelers Can Now Fly First Class with Stormx by using their native cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0309
summarize:despite threats of some of the planet’s harshest punishments, police in bangladesh are struggling to stamp out the use of cryptocurrency in accordance with their legislation. several different groups have recently combined resources at the behest of the central bank. as yet, there has been little progress towards eradicating the use of digital currency. harsh penalties for cryptocurrency trading are nothing newbangladesh’s draconian attitudes towards the rapidly expanding cryptocurrency space are hardly a recent development. back in september 2014, the government made it illegal to transact in any form of digital currency. the maximum penalty for doing so is an unfathomably strict 12 years of jail time. late last year, the inefficacy of the threat of such harsh sanctions was revealed. a notice from the bangladeshi central bank entitled "caution on bitcoin transaction: warning against online transactions in cryptocurrency (eg. bitcoin, lite, title=bangladesh: trying yet failing to curb cryptocurrency use, summary=Bangladesh Police Struggle to Eradicate Cryptocurrency Trading, bleu=0.0494
summarize:a lot of developments are taking place in the world of cryptocurrency right now. in the ethereum space, for example, scaling changes will be welcomed with open arms. additionally, there is the shift to erc721 tokens, which are considered to be a major improvement. the erc721 token standardmost ethereum users are familiar with erc20 tokens by now. it is the form of digital asset one can come across while investing in initial coin offerings, for example. however, there are some limitations as to how useful this token standard is when it comes to completely different types of assets. especially with blockchain-based collectibles, it seems erc721 will offer many advantages. one of the main aspects of erc721 is it can be used for non-fungible, or cryptographically unique and non-interchangeable, tokens (nfts). a good, title=can ethereum’s erc721 standard reshape the blockchain gaming industry, summary=erc721 Tokens: a Major Improvement in Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0487
summarize:viber, a cross-platform instant messaging and voice-over ip application operated by japanese multinational company rakuten, has plans to become a platform for its parent company’s cryptocurrency, rakuten coin. the japanese conglomerate is studying the recent legal developments regarding digital assets in russia in order to launch the new service in 2019. rakuten coin to enter russia through viber messengerdjamel agaoua, ceo of viber, said the messenger app will act as a key player in rakuten’s goal of establishing its own cryptocurrency. the multinational announced in february 2018 that it would be rolling out its $9 billion loyalty program into a new blockchain-based cryptocurrency. for that purpose, viber launched a service called viber community, limited only by the number of people registered on the app itself. viber has over one, title=viber messenger to launch cryptocurrency in russia next year, summary=rakuten’s Viber to Be a Platform for its Own Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.042
summarize:a lot of things happen in the world of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. omise and omisego recently signed a memorandum of understanding with shinhan. having such a major south korean bank on board will undoubtedly lead to some interesting developments down the line. shinhan bank is pro-cryptocurrencysouth korea is home to one of the most vibrant cryptocurrency ecosystems in the world. even so, local banks are still hesitant to serve most companies and service providers in this space. shinhan bank is one of the very few exceptions in this regard. the second-largest bank in the country keeps an open mind toward cryptocurrency as a whole, which is a positive sign. more specifically, the institution servers a fair few local bitcoin exchanges and trading platforms. this decision was made after the country’s largest bank shut the door on all, title=omise and omisego sign mou with south korea’s crypto-friendly bank, summary=South Korea’s Largest Bank Signs Memorandum of Understanding with shinhan Bank, bleu=0.0375
summarize:toronto-based online-bartering market bunz is launching its cryptocurrency bunz trading zone (btz) to its own established community of 200,000 users on april 9. canada bartering community of 200,000 users to trade with btz coinas it gets into the cryptocurrency game, bunz will provide 1,000 btz to each member so they can exchange with one another for goods and services at over 100 merchant partners. the company believes btz will be helpful in building stronger communities and making city living easier, its core values. sascha mojtahedi, chief executive officer of bunz, said: "you can use it in a simple and elegant way. we know the technology works, but we haven’t really seen a viable use case that the mass market can get behind. i think we’re going to be the first example of that, title=canada bartering platform launches btz for 200,000 users, summary=Canadian Bartering Market Bunz Launches Cryptocurrency Trading Zone, bleu=0.0
summarize:day three of the new year and all is well in crypto land. the majority of altcoins are trading higher again in this morning’s asian trading session with some posting 25% gains in the past 24 hours. bitcoin itself has been slow to recover from its 40% slide last month and the king of crypto is losing out to its smaller siblings. bitcoin’s market capacity has fallen from above 50% to below 37%, a low not seen since mid-june last year. tumbling from an all-time high in december at a nudge over $20,000 bitcoin has fallen to a low of $12,000 but recovered to just over $15,000 where it currently trades. it seems like crypto traders and hodlers are now channeling their funds into the altcoins which are surging at present. leading the pack is ethereum which reached an all-time peak of $914 a couple of days, title=altcoins chip away at bitcoin’s dominance, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is ethereum, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are crashing, altcoins getting hit hardest are eos, iota, ethereum classic, and ontologythe selling pressure has gained momentum over the past 24 hours and markets have slid to their lowest levels this year. total market capitalization has dropped to just over $250 billion which marks the third big dip of 2018. bitcoin has been hammered losing 7.8% on the day falling back to $6,150 marking its lowest level this year and a price range not seen since october 2017. ethereum has fared even worse dropping 8.7% to just over $470. this puts ether back at a november 2017 price level although it did drop further on april 1, falling below $400 for the first time in five months. naturally the altcoins have all been battered with many falling by double figures. ripple, title=cryptos hit six month low as bears pummel the markets, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS, Oculus Rift, NEO, Zcash, BTC, IOTA: Market Analysis, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are dumping in crypto land; xrp hangs on but bitcoin, vechain, icon and polymath slide. markets have dumped overnight and the selloff has continued leaving crypto land in a sea of red this morning. roughly $12 billion has been shed from cryptocurrencies on the day as total market capitalization plummets back to just over $270 billion. bitcoin has lost around $500 equating to 5.3% at the time of writing. it is currently trading at $7,585 after falling hard to around $7,500 a few hours ago. trade volume for btc has risen slightly though but short term signals are bearish. ethereum is down 4% at the moment, trading at $425. predictably altcoins have been battered with several losing double digits. looking at the top ten only ripple’s xr, title=crypto markets dump $15 billion in 18 hours, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: XRP, vechain, Polymath, Bitcoin, IOTA and Litecoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsa predominantly red picture is being painted again today during the asian trading session. only one altcoin in the market cap top ten is in the green and it is joined by only two others in the top 25. we know things move fast in crypto land and the morning’s leader of the moment is neo. according to coinmarketcap neo is up 5.4% over the past 24 hours. it has shown a slow but steady increase over the past day while most of its siblings have lost ground. zooming out to the weekly chart we can see that neo has made strong gains of over 40% on the week. starting out this time last week trading at $113 it has climbed to an impressive weekly high of $170 before falling back a little to $166 where it currently trades. one thing to note is that while a lot of other altcoins, and especially, title=the leading altcoin of the moment – neo, summary=neo, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0245
summarize:fundstrat’s tom lee appeared on cnbc’s fast money show yesterday to weigh in on the ‘battle’ between bitcoin and bitcoin cash. despite efforts by the shows presenters to illicit a partisan response from lee, the ‘general’ remained diplomatic in his answers. lee steers conversation away from community infightingeven though the title of the segment is ‘in the battle between bitcoin and bitcoin cash, tom lee says buy bitcoin’, lee spent very little time addressing any conflict between the bitcoin community. when the presenter referred to him as a ‘general’ in the ‘battle’, lee looked bemused. he responded to a question about which to buy diplomatically:"i prefer not to pick winners and losers when we’re looking at cryptocurrencies like bitcoin/bitcoin cash... both have merits but if, title=fundstrat’s tom lee thinks bitcoin cash is currently overbought, summary=Fundstrat’s Tom Lee: ‘I prefer not pick winners and losers when we’re looking at cryptocurrencies’, bleu=0.0
summarize:when a cryptocurrency catches up with a rival in terms of transactions it could be a sign of greater adoption, or maybe not. litecoin and bitcoin cash have been duking it out over the past few months coming ever closer until the inevitable happened. yesterday bch caught up with ltc with number of daily blockchain transactions. according to bitinfocharts litecoin has been on a slow downtrend since the beginning of the year with fewer transactions per day. its last spike was 225k transactions on january 4 when price was also heading over $300. bitcoin cash only surpassed ltc once in the past three months on january 14 when it reached 110k transactions. litecoin has been above bitcoin cash since mid-january by almost double though the two have been slowly coming together. yesterday bch transactions reached around 38.5k whereas liteco, title=bitcoin cash and litecoin tie on transaction levels, summary=Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash Catch Up with ltc in Daily Transactions, bleu=0.0375
summarize:competition among cryptocurrency trading platforms is a good thing. while many centralized solutions exist, some companies try to offer something unique. in the case of huobi pro, they are seemingly bucking the negative trend surrounding monero trading. rather than disallowing the currency, huobi pro decided to introduce monero trading earlier this week. huobi pro takes a big gambleit is commendable to see asian trading platforms give monero a fair chance. this anonymity-oriented altcoin has gotten a lot of negative attention over the past few months. it has seemingly become the new go-to currency for cyber-criminals of all kinds. especially when it comes to malware and cryptojacking, monero has taken center stage on more than occasion. as such, various asian trading platforms bar all xmr trading. in japan, the fs, title=monero trading going live on huobi pro, but not for americans, summary=asian Cryptocurrency Trading Platforms Ban Monero Trading, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are eos, ethereum, tron and decred. finally there has been some good news to lift crypto markets as the week comes to an end. the sec’s decision not to consider ethereum as a security has provided a long needed boost to cryptocurrencies. the markets are still way down but are trading slightly higher over the past 24 hours clawing back some of those losses. bitcoin has not done much and has made just 1.7% to $6,620, only $400 above its low for the year. ethereum has been the big driver of market movement, initially jumping 10% on the news but now trading at $513, up 5% on the day. altcoins are generally in the green, bouncing a little from a week of heavy losses. the leading coin if the day during asian trading this morning is e, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: eos leads on mainnet launch, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: eos, tron, decred, EOS and Litecoins, bleu=0.0618
summarize:fomo momentssustained bullish momentum has pushed crypto markets higher once again during the morning’s asian trading session. total market cap is the highest since early march and all cryptocurrencies continue to make solid gains. bitcoin has increased by 6.5% over the past 24 hours and is currently trading at $8,870. altcoins have been lifted along with it and are all in the green this morning. one leading the charge in the top 25 at the moment is populous. coinmarketcap is showing a 20% gain for ppt making it the morning’s top performing altcoin. currently trading at $28.90 populous has made solid gains over the $24.20 level it was at this time yesterday. the increase has moved this cryptocurrency into the top 25. over the week ppt has jumped over 85% from $15.50 this time last weekend. the monthly chart is also showing solid performance with, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is populous, summary=Asian Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is populous, bleu=0.1055
summarize:the start of this year has been nothing short of epic for cryptocurrencies with the majority of them surging for the first couple of days of january. one favorite from last year however remained asleep and even fell a little while the rest were on fire. litecoin has finally awoken during the asian trading session this morning and is once again heading upwards. like many of its siblings ltc had a great year in 2017 starting off around $4 and climbing steadily over tenfold to reach some stability around $50 where it remained for several months. in november it moved up again towards the $100 level where again it halted for a while. between december 8 and 13 litecoin went parabolic and jumped to $340, it reached a record high of $375 a few days later. since those heady days the altcoin has fallen from grace, title=litecoin lifts from long slumber, summary=Litecoin Awakens as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price declined heavily and moved toward the $700 level before recovering against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted connecting bearish trend line was broken at $1020 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair may continue to move higher, but is likely to face sellers near the $1090 and $1135 levels. ethereum price started a recovery after a major decline against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently facing a major resistance near $1100. ethereum price resistancethere was a sharp decline in eth price below the $900 level against the us dollar. the price traded below the $850 and $800 support levels. it traded toward the $750 level and formed a low at $755.82. later, an upside correction was initiated and the price recovered above the $900 level. there was a break of, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd recover further?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover Below $1100, bleu=0.0684
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are cardano, stellar, zcash, 0x and bat. the weekend has brought more declines in crypto land for all but a handful of altcoins. markets have dropped once again falling below $250 billion as the bears maintain control. bitcoin has remained level over the past 24 hours trading at $6,240, ethereum however has dropped 1% to trade at $435 at the time of writing. all of the altcoins are in the red marginally this saturday, the only ones showing gains are the five that coinbase mentioned in its recent announcement. vechain has taken the biggest hit in the top 25 dropping 12% to $1.86. ven has lost 25% over the past week from $2.46 this time last weekend. both cardano and stellar have made gains following the coinbase blog post mentioning the possibility of, title=cryptocurrency market update: five spikes for coinbase favorites, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Zcash, BTC, EOS: Technical Analysis for saturday, bleu=0.0172
summarize:we have prepared an overview of what has happened so far in the world of cryptocurrencies in 2018 – a simple summary. whether you took some time off following the news and you’d like to catch up, or you just want to go over this year’s highlights, this article is for you. according to an old rule, what goes up, must come down. this also happened to cryptocurrencies in january. we experienced significant price drops as well as high volatility in terms of market capitalization. the explanations provided ranged from reactions to regulatory efforts to crowd psychology behaviors. and although this might be difficult to watch when you have bought the assets and you are calculating how much the price change means in e.g. us dollars, this seems to be an innate feature of cryptocurrencies. higher returns come at a cost of higher volatility. also, even if the prices go down, seasoned traders know they can also short, title=cryptocurrencies in 2018 – a simple overview, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Update: What’s Up, Must Come Down in 2018, bleu=0.0677
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets inch up slowly; lisk, tron, 0x and nano making gains. following yesterday’s irrational fud fuelled sec selloff, crypto markets have been stable and have not plunged any further. total market capitalization has remained above $210 billion but is still teetering on the edge and is a quarter of what it was this time eight months ago. bitcoin has held key support at $6,400 and has managed to climb a little this friday, rising 1.7% to $6,550. the next level of resistance for btc is around the $6,600 price. ethereum is still in the doldrums and has not moved from yesterday’s level of $275. eth inactivity could be a result of the decline in erc20 tokens based on the platform, many of which are at, title=cryptocurrency market update: lisk lights it up as mainnet launch looms, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether Still in the Doldrums, bleu=0.0229
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined further and breached a key support at $2450 against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bullish trend line with support at $2480 was broken on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair might continue to decline since it is now below $2400 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price moved below the $2450 support against the us dollar. bch/usd could decline further toward the $2300 and $2200 levels. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was no upside recovery in bitcoin cash price yesterday from the $2600 swing low against the us dollar. the price traded lower and sellers succeeded in breaking a key support area at $2450. during the downside move, many important supports including $2400 and the 100 hourly simple moving average were broken. there was also a break below the 50% fib retracement level of, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Continue to Decline, bleu=0.0
summarize:san francisco based ripple has become one of the most successful startups in the last decade, which has been full of overnight success stories in the fintech space. since it launched its xrp token in 2013 it has made its way into the top five cryptocurrencies along with bitcoin and ethereum. the 2017 crypto market run-up left the company flush with cash. the only problem they seem to be having is no one is using xrp for the right reasons. ripple giving away xrpxrp was created to bridge the gap between banking and decentralized technology, that is as a way to move money faster and cheaper. the problem is very few people are using it this way according to an article in the new york times. as utility becomes the watchword for cryptocurrencies success in the future, ripple has been putting quite a lot of xrp into the world for free. when late night talk, title=ripple pushes towards utility by giving away xrp, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: XRP Token Launched by San Francisco Startup, bleu=0.0215
summarize:key highlightsripple price extended gains and was able to move above the $3.00 level against the us dollar. there are two important bullish trend lines forming with supports at $2.75 and $2.30 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair might continue to trade higher and it could even settle above the $3.00 handle. ripple price gained further momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd broke $3.00 and it may continue to move higher. ripple price upside thrustthere were further gains in ripple price as it broke above the $2.40 resistance against the us dollar. the upside move was strong as the price was even able to move above the $3.00 resistance. a high was formed at $3.0505 and it seems like the price may continue to move higher. before the upside thrust, the price tested the 23.6% fib re, title=ripple price tech analysis – xrp/usd breaks $3.0; more gains likely, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $3.00, bleu=0.0347
summarize:venezuela’s economy has been breaking down for months, if not years, with its currency inflating unsustainably. this has lead users to seek ways other than the venezuelan bolivar to transfer value, with cryptocurrencies, like nano, quickly becoming an alternative currency. users donate $600 in nano to life-changing resultson sunday, a venezuelan reddit user with the username ‘windows7733’ made a post chronicling a cryptocurrency donation, albeit small, that he received. the reddit user wrote:i got it (0.5 nano) from someone who helped me in my current situation, currently living in venezuela. 0.5 nano is almost one entire monthly salary in my country. it’s more than i made last month. i’ve been doing a quick research into this cryptocurrency and it fits very well for, title=nano community rushes to the aid of venezuelan user amidst 40,000% inflation, summary=venezuelan Reddit User Donates $600 in Nano to Life-Changing Results, bleu=0.0372
summarize:the u. k.’s only multi-digital currency exchange has announced that it has added ripple’s xrp token to its platform, making the coin available to its customers. launched in november for over-the-counter trades (otc), london block exchange (lbx) remains the only cryptocurrency exchange to offer ripple to gbp pairing. the addition of the third most valuable digital currency by market value joins bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, and litecoin, which are already available on the exchange. investors have the option to buy, sell, and exchange these available digital currencies. lbx’s founder has also revealed that the exchange is planning on adding additional coins in the future, according to finextra. benjamin dives, founder and ceo of london block exchange, said:as we open our doors to, title=london-based cryptocurrency exchange adds ripple to its token listing, summary=london Block Exchange Adds xrp to its Cryptocurrency Platform, bleu=0.0954
summarize:over the past few weeks, ethereum classic (etc) hit crypto headlines, as multiple exchanges finally announced fiat-to-crypto support for the popular cryptocurrency. coinbase consumer meet ethereum classiccoinbase’s support for ethereum classic has been in the works for a while now, originally announcing that the firm’s engineering team had begun testing implementation in early-june. although many ethereum classic proponents were over the moon about this proactive step, the san fransisco-based firm went quiet on etc’s listing for weeks. but as reported by newsbtc previously, on august 3rd, coinbase’s engineering team came out of hiding to reveal that it had entered the "final testing” phase for the support of coinbase’s 5th crypto asset. along with issuing this announcement, the crypto startup also pointed out that, title=ethereum classic (etc) surges after coinbase consumer confirms listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Launches Testing for ethereum Classic, bleu=0.038
summarize:fomo momentsthe big pump has happened, altcoins with double digit gains include bitcoin cash, neo, ethereum classic, and ontologythe bounce was expected however the magnitude of it is a very positive sign. markets have been plummeting for weeks, and are still very low, however the rebound was far bigger than the previous one indicating that this could be the reversal everybody has been waiting for. bitcoin pumped $500 in about three hours which gives it a 9% gain on the day. trading just below $5,900 this time yesterday it has now jumped back to the previous resistance level of just over $6,400. the rest of the altcoins naturally followed their master back up, with ethereum jumping 7% to $450. levels are still very low and may resume bearish momentum but the big pump is welcome news this saturday morning., title=a big bounce as $20 billion pours back into crypto markets, summary=Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum Classic, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether: Big Pump Could Be the Reversal, bleu=0.0
summarize:nothing can be better news for a cryptocurrency than a listing on a major exchange. less than an hour ago hong kong based exchange binance announced that it was listing xem trading pairs. the blog post stated that xem/bnb, xem/btc and xem/eth trading pairs are now available on binance for trading. nem has had a rough ride in recent weeks and was the worst performing altcoin in the top 25 for february. prices recovered a bit when tokyo exchange coincheck announced that they had refunded all 260,000 customers that were affected by the nem heist that saw 523 million tokens flow into the hands of hackers. nem’s price reacted instantly to the binance listing announement. according to coinmarketcap it spiked over 20% in under an hour from $0., title=nem price spikes on binance listing, summary=Binance Lists Xem Trading Pairs, bleu=0.0
summarize:coincheck have announced that they will refund all customers affected by the hack we reported on yesterday. the major japanese exchange had previously declared that their security had been compromised to the tune of 523 million nem tokens. this makes the dollar value of the breach over 400 million. the tokyo-based exchange have today stated that they will pay back all those users who lost out thanks to their negligent storage practices. according to the statement, there were 260,000 users affected by the theft of the coins. coincheck have said that they will refund them all using their own company funds. they have also declared that they will pay back their customers using local currency – japanese yen. the rate stated will be 88.549 yen for every nem token lost. this works out at around 81 us cents. for now, the date of said refund remains unknown. whilst coincheck’s security model, title=all hacked nem will be refunded to investors, summary=Coincheck to Refund All Customers Who Lost nem Tokens, bleu=0.0567
summarize:today, april 25th, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, okex, announced that all erc-20 token deposits have been suspended. the move comes after developers discovered an ethereum smart contract bug called batchoverflow which permits those who exploit the bug to issue an almost unlimited number of new tokens. in turn, the newly minted tokens can then be deposited into other asset wallets. ‘this makes many of the erc-20 tokens vulnerable to price manipulations of the attackers,’ the okex team wrote. ethereum smart contract bug: batchoverflowthe issue was first reported in a medium post published by okex three days ago. the post explained that the bug is a classic integer overflow issue, which occurs when any operation uses a numerical value outside the range that can be represented with the allocated number of bits. in detailing the problem,, title=okex: ethereum smart contract bug causes temporary suspension of erc-20 deposits, summary=okex Suspends erc-20 Token Deposits after ethereum Smart Contract Bug, bleu=0.0452
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are icon, siacoin, cardano and bytom. today marks the fifth day of market decline. since the rout started on sunday over $70 billion has been wiped off the crypto markets. total capitalization plunged below $300 billion and the down trend has steepened. bitcoin is still down on the day but the momentum has slowed and it has leveled out at just over $6,500. ethereum has also been battered and is still falling, down 2% on the day to around $490, its lowest level since the lows of early april. altcoins are generally bearish after suffering heavy losses this week. a couple are bucking the trend during asian trading this morning and those coins are icon and siacoin. coinmarketcap is currently reporting an 11% gain for south, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: icon and siacoin boosted by binance, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Cardano, Bytom, IOTA, Litecoin, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0157
summarize:hard forks in the crypto sphere are now commonplace, bitcoin had countless blockchain splits over the past year. just last month litecoin forked amid a lot of controversy, much of which came from the founder of the original. forks tend to draw in those looking for a quick buck on the price jump or some free coins from the airdrop that usually occurs after the split. the latest hark fork generating a buzz is the anonymous cryptocurrency monero. monero’s xmr coin is widely regarded the hacker’s choice due to its anonymity. virtually all stories about crypto mining malware have involved monero and it remains the top crypto to acquire on the sly. this is largely a testament to its success as a private and untraceable digital asset. monero has been one of the better performing altcoins in febr, title=monero to hard fork with monerov coming in mid-march, summary=Monero, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether: Cryptocurrency Forks Are Commonplace, bleu=0.0
summarize:developers of eos, block.one, have received a further round of investment from backers including peter thiel, bitmain, louis bacon, and alan howard. this follows recent support by mike novogratz’s galaxy digital and new hiring appointments to the block.one team. peter thiel makes block.one investmentpeter thiel was the founder of paypal and one of the first investors in facebook. he has also invested in airbnb, linkedin, and yelp. he says his biggest mistake was not investing more in facebook during a second round of investing and also claims seed investing is much harder now than it was 10 years ago. according to a january report from the wall street journal, thiel has reportedly bought hundreds of millions of dollars of bitcoin, according to people familiar with the matter. founders, title=peter thiel and bitmain invest in block.one to support eos ecosystem, summary=eos developer Block.one Receives a Further Round of Investment from Backers, bleu=0.0684
summarize:fomo momentsmidweek trading is looking good from an asian perspective as most cryptocurrencies have shown positive price action this morning. bitcoin is still holding steady, up around 1.5% at $8,840, and this has had a positive influence on a lot of the altcoins. a couple are showing very strong growth today and those are ethereum classic and litecoinlooking at the coinmarketcap charts shows that etc is currently on a flyer, up 24% from this time yesterday. the ethereum forked coin is trading at $35.6 at the time of writing, up from $28.50 24 hours ago. over the past week is has shown solid growth of almost 100% from $17.8 on wednesday last week. etc is heading back towards its all-time high of $47 on december 21. ethereum classic is the original version of ethereum, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: the top crypto is ethereum classic, summary=ethereum Classic, Litecoin, Ether, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Watch, bleu=0.0313
summarize:ethereum classic, bitshares, stratis, and waves have all lost ground to newcomers. things change fast in the crypto sphere and today’s hot cryptocurrency may well be tomorrow’s shitcoin. looking back at the scene a year ago in june 2017 shows a slightly different set of coins and tokens in the top 20. the question is: where are they now? aside from bitcoin, the stalwarts that have stood the test of time over the past 12 months and remain in the top ten are ethereum, ripple, and litecoin. all of the rest have fallen back down the list and have lost out to newcomers such as eos, bitcoin cash and cardano. the fourth most popular altcoin in june 2017 was nem with a market cap of $1.9 billion. since then it has dropped down to 15th, title=cryptos that fell from grace, looking back at last year’s hot altcoins, summary=ethereum Classic, Bitshares, Waves: Where Are They Now?, bleu=0.0312
summarize:cryptocurrency mining operations come in many different shapes and sizes. 0running a profitable bitcoin mining firm requires a lot of hardware and space. for altcoin mining, things are very different. unfortunately, the jenkins miner is not a legitimate operation. although it is the biggest of its kind, it’s 100% malicious. it also seems to be mining monero first and foremost, with over $3m being raised already. criminals have taken a strong liking to cryptocurrencies. in most cases, they will attempt to trick users into giving up login credentials. hacking exchanges is also becoming more popular as of late. the jenkins miner, however, is a different creature altogether. it is suspected this is a chinese operation designed to mine monero. more specifically, it is a completely malicious mining operation. by actively spreading monero mining malware, the owner of this bot, title=the jenkins miner is the biggest botnet mining monero, summary=Jenkins Miner is a 100% Malicious Bitcoin Mining Operation, bleu=0.042
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is in limbo this monday morning; few altcoins are gaining, tezos, digibyte and mixin among them. the weekend momentum has come to a halt on monday and markets have pulled back a little. total market capitalization could not break over the $280 billion barrier and has fallen back. bitcoin found resistance at $6,800 and has remained just under it at $6,780. the lack of bullish action has pulled most of the other cryptocurrencies back into the red again. ethereum has pulled back 1.5% in the past 24 hours to trade at $485. most of the altcoins are in the red at the moment and have lost gains made over the weekend. eos currently has the biggest decline in the top ten, falling by 4.5% on the day to $8.60. this puts it back at, title=cryptocurrency market update: weekend gains turn into monday losses, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins in the Red, bleu=0.0427
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are heading upwards; dash, iota, gas and bytecoin in double figures. the condition of crypto markets is steadily improving as the week progresses and further gains have been made today. total market capitalization has been bolstered by an $8 billion cash injection and is now over $225 billion once again. bitcoin has led the rally by climbing 3% to $6,930 in one spurt a few hours ago. the next major resistance level is $7k and the charts are indicating that more gains could be on the way. ethereum is also up 3% on the day but that has only managed to push it to $285 which is still a very low level for the world’s second most popular crypto. the entire top fifty altcoins are green at the moment with a few making double digit gains according to coinmarketcap., title=crypto market update: dash surging on latin american mobile partnership, summary=Ethereum, Dash, Iota, Gas, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, EOS: Technical Analysis – BTC/USD Up 3%, bleu=0.0134
summarize:litecoin (ltc) derivatives are a go in the uk. trading platform crypto facilities announced that as of friday, june 22, their new dollar-denominated service will allow investors to trade in futures contracts which have litecoin as the underpinning collateral, with weekly, monthly and quarterly maturities. litecoin futures ready to go in the ukthe announcement comes only a month after the uk based platform launched ethereum based contracts, increasing the number of crypto-based products already on offer for investors to long or go short including bitcoin and the ripple token xrp. litecoin creator charlie lee commented on the move, saying,"litecoin futures will open up ltc trading to more institutional investors. this will add to the liquidity of litecoin and make it easier for people to get in and out of, title=litecoin futures are a go on uk crypto exchange, summary=Litecoin Futures Launches in the UK, bleu=0.0
summarize:ever-the cryptocurrency bulls, tyler and cameron winklevoss, have responded to recent regulatory murmurs from washington with optimism. rather than fearing the tightening of legislation around digital currencies such as bitcoin and ethereum, the two embrace it as much needed for growth in the space. speaking to bloomberg television, tyler winklevoss said:"these technologies can’t flourish and grow without thoughtful regulation that connects them to finance... as long as jurisdictions strike the right balance, we think that its going to be a huge boon and win for cryptocurrencies.”the twins are hardly passive spectators in the digital currency world. they themselves have a lot of skin in the game. together, they founded gemini, a cryptocurrency exchange platform which the chicago board options exchange uses to settle their recently launched bitcoin futures market on a daily basis., title=winklevoss twins on crypto:regulators haven’t moved quick enough, summary=tyler and cameron winklevoss: cryptocurrencies can’t flourish without regulation, bleu=0.0499
summarize:the initial coin offering (ico) industry finds itself in a bit of a pickle. on the one hand, the sec is cracking down on illicit securities offerings. on the other hand, the prices of ico tokens are crashing hard. this is not a great development for the industry as a whole. the ico tokens are crashing in valuebuying into an initial coin offering is always a certain risk. the perceived value of these tokens may not necessarily reflect their actual value. as of right now, close to half of all ico tokens are trading at a lower price. more specifically, they are valued below the initial offering price. this doesn’t please investors in the slightest, yet it is not exactly a surprising trend."40% to 50% of icos are currently underwater – trading at a price lower than the initial offering price." – @ccatalini #mitbit, title=“vaporware” ico tokens are already trading below their initial offering price, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Watch: ICO Tokens Fall Below Initial Offering Price, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price declined sharply and traded below the $1100 and $1000 support levels against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1060 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently under a lot of bearish pressure and it could remain below the $1100 level. ethereum price made a sharp u-turn against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is recovering, but it is struggling to break the $1100 resistance. ethereum price declinethere were further bearish pressures on eth price as it moved below the $1100 support against the us dollar. the decline was such that the price even failed to respect the $1000 support. the price fell even below $900 and traded as low as $858.12. it seems like there is a lot of bearish, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd bearish below $1100, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $1100, bleu=0.1585
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are meek today; monero, lisk, and nano inch up, bitcoin diamond dumping. as we enter the weekend in crypto land markets have remained relatively stable and have even made a little upward progress. total capitalization has crept back over $215 billion but no real motions have been seen to spur a measureable recovery. bitcoin has recovered all losses since the sec announcement in the week which is a good sign. btc is up 2.7% on the day to trade at just over $6,700. on the week it has made just 3.4% however and needs to pass $7k for any real momentum to gather. ethereum has stalled once again and has not really moved over the past few days getting stuck at just below $280 on the day. altcoins are largely in the green according to coinmarketcap, however gains are marginal once again, title=crypto markets sluggish on saturday as bitcoin increases dominance, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: ethereum, Monero, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, NEO, EOS, IOTA, TRON, bleu=0.0
summarize:the dark web has been pretty beneficial to different cryptocurrencies. it is how bitcoin suddenly began gaining traction years ago. in the past twelve months, a few competing currencies have also begun gaining traction on the dark web. it seems this competition is heating up as we speak. monero and the dark webin recent months, various dark web marketplaces have shifted away from bitcoin. its growing fees and lack of transparency are a big problem. as such, vendors and buyers are looking for new ways to effectively deal with payments. it seems monero is gaining a lot of traction as of right now. it is a slow shift to this new currency, but things are seemingly falling into place. even so, there are some concerns over monero’s privacy and anonymity as well. two flaws have been discovered which may make dark web users look for a different cryptocurrency altogether. more specifically, a recent, title=litecoin dark web adoption rises as monero privacy flaw is exposed, summary=Monero, Litecoin, Ether, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Rises as Dark Web Gains traction, bleu=0.0202
summarize:this year looks like it will be the year of the blockchain. it seems like everyone now needs to have their own cryptocurrency, and a number of tech companies are already looking into research and development. chat and messaging platform telegram is the latest on the list. the native crypto that telegram plans would power payments on its chat app and beyond, according to techcrunch. the website also cited sources claiming that the ‘telegram open network’ (ton) will be a new third generation blockchain with superior capabilities to bitcoin and ethereum. ico inbounda boatload of marketing and a huge ico is planned to generate the revenue for the project. it is estimated to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, making it potentially one of the largest icos to date. telegram is a well-established messaging platform with 180 million active monthly users, according to wikipedia. this would make the ico, title=telegram chat app to launch its own cryptocurrency, summary=telegram’s native crypto would power payments on its chat app and beyond, bleu=0.075
summarize:a lot of rumors are flying around regarding the skycoin cryptocurrency. some team members claim they were subject to a robbery. those claims are met with a fair bit of skepticism. as such, the skycoin team decided to cut all ties with its chinese marketing team. it still raises a lot of questions regarding the future of skycoin and its team. the skycoin debacle escalatesskycoin is a relatively new blockchain platform which recently completed its initial coin offering. to expand upon its presence, the team has set up marketing teams all over the world. one of its marketing branches can be found in china. it is this team, known as evolab, which is at the center of the ongoing controversy. its team members have been involved in some rather unique developments. based on the official team’s response, an alleged robbery has, title=alleged skycoin robbery reveals developer network control mechanisms, summary=Skycoin Team Cuts All ties with chinese Marketing Team, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsthe sideways market is over and the bears are in full control. a wave of panic selling seems to have washed across crypto land once again and markets have hemorrhaged $27 billion in 24 hours. bitcoin has plummeted below the psychological $8k barrier and shed 4.6% on the day trading at $7,930 at the moment. further losses look inevitable. altcoins as usual have all collapsed, many losing double figures in the last few hours. only one is in the green in the top 50 at the time of writing and that coin is zcash. coinmarketcap is reporting a paltry gain of 2.8% on zec but it is a gain nevertheless while all around it have crashed. zcash is currently trading at $330, up from $319 this time yesterday. on the week there have been no gains as this coin was trading at the same, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: zcash investment keeps it climbing, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is zcash, bleu=0.0511
summarize:more frustrating news out of japan. just a day after fsa regulators stymied exchanges the ghost of mt. gox appears again, this time as a possible cause for the bitcoin market drop from dec. 2017. trustee sales linked to bitcoin price dropsinformation that mt. gox trustees have sold over half a billion worth of bitcoin and bitcoin cash is blowing up on social media platforms across the net. investors are correlating the sales to drops in the market price of bitcoin on an instance by instance basis starting in december. as the mt. gox addresses are well known it has been possible to track the sales as they have affected the market. on december,18 2,000 coins were sold by the trustees and bitcoin dropped from $19,000 to $18,000 and then continued to fall after each sale. on the 22nd of the month, the trust moved 6,000, title=was mt. gox the major factor behind bitcoin’s $1,000 drop, summary=Investors Correlating mt. Gox Trust Sales to Bitcoin Price Drops, bleu=0.0684
summarize:fomo momentsit appears that we’re in for another week of yo-yoing on crypto markets, monday up, tuesday down. momentum could not carry markets over $400 billion and they’ve fallen back today in the same pattern we’ve seen for the past week. the buying starts in asia and the selling starts in america and the cycle repeats. bitcoin failed to push past $8,500 and has retreated back 2% to $8,340. all altcoins have mirrored the slide and are in the red at the moment. we have to go outside the top 25 to find a coin in the green and today it is decred. according to coinmarketcap dcr is up 2% percent on the day whilst all others have fallen. currently trading at $113 this altcoin is up marginally from $110 this time yesterday. this tiny gain, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: only decred showing a gain, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: dcr, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether, BTC, IOTA, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0134
summarize:it has been a tumultuous week for san francisco based ripple labs which now finds itself embroiled in another law suit. this time a disgruntled investor has taken up legal action claiming the blockchain firm has violated federal securities laws. digital coins created ‘out of thin air’according to thursday’s class action suit which is currently being discussed on reddit, the company failed to register with the securities and exchange commission (sec) before offering its digital tokens up for sale. james taylor-copeland, the san diego attorney representing plaintiff ryan coffey, filed the suit to the california state court with a list of complaints regarding securities law violations. it goes on to call out ripple labs, ceo brad garlinghouse, and a subsidiary company called x, title=ripple hit with lawsuit while binance expands xrp listings, summary=san francisco-based ripple labs Sued for Securities Law Violations, bleu=0.0477
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is correcting this morning; top altcoins are stellar, cardano, dogecoin, bytom and kin. the bull run has slowed down and a pullback has occurred in crypto land. markets hit a six week high of a shade below $300 billion before retreating back to around $290 billion as short term traders took profits. bitcoin topped out at $7,530 before retreating back to $7,400 where it has been steadily holding for the past 24 hours showing no further gains. ethereum could not hold $500 and has dropped 3.7% on the day back to $480 where it currently trades. altcoins are predominantly red at the moment with only one or two still climbing. the best performing one in the top 25 right now is stellar lumens. according to coinmarketcap xlm is still trading higher on the day with, title=cryptocurrency trading update: stellar (xlm) defies market pullback, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar, Cardano, Bytom, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis – XLM Still Trading Higher, bleu=0.0134
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are binance coin, reddcoin, and docademic. a flat weekend in crypto land has not been enough to entice the bulls back into the market. monday morning is shaping up to be a red one as the downward slide continues. total market cap is still falling back towards the yearly low six weeks ago. bitcoin is lulling around the $6,500 mark and has lost 1.5% on the day and ethereum’s little bounce on the sec news last week was short-lived as it also declined a similar amount to just below $500. altcoins are getting hit harder with most of them in the red at the time of writing. there is only one coin in the green at the time of writing and that is binance’s own crypto, bnb. according to coinmarketcap binance coin is trading up 3., title=cryptocurrency market update: binance coin (bnb) bucking the trend, summary=Binance Coin, Reddcoin, Docademic, Ether, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0202
summarize:the world of cryptocurrency is no longer about just bitcoin. a fair few alternative cryptocurrencies have staked their claim as well. litecoin has always been of great interest to cryptocurrency enthusiasts. as such, it is good to see their native payment processing service launch in the near future. litepay, as this service is called, will boost global adoption of ltc as a whole. if everything goes according to plan, litepay will go live later this week. bringing litecoin to consumers and retailers alike will be a challenge. even bitcoin has not seen much success in this regard so far. some retailers even removed the bitcoin option altogether due to mounting fees. with litecoin, transaction fees are a lot lower. both consumers and retailers can also expect quicker payments. this is why litepay may be one of the biggest developments in litecoin’s history. a native payment processor will certainly, title=litecoin adoption expected to surge with merchant adoption, summary=Litecoin Launches a Native Payment Processing Service, bleu=0.0
summarize:with the massive crypto market rout that has occurred in ‘red august’ many are now talking of an altcoin extinction which could spell the demise for the majority of them. which ones are likely to survive is the key question. most of the altcoins have dropped way below their price levels this time last year and are 80-90% down from their all-time highs. this has led many to surmise that it could be game over for many of them. according to ted rogers, the president of crypto wallet provider xapo, this extinction level event could wipe out 90% of the altcoins;we could be in the midst of the extinction-level event for "cryptoassets” that many maximalists have predicted. 90%+ of @coinmarketcap list will disappear eventually – might as well happen now. meantime, lower btc price means incredible opportunity to buy, title=which cryptocurrencies will survive the altcoin apocalypse?, summary=xapo: 90% of altcoins could be wiped out by ‘extinction-level event’, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsa bounce has happened, altcoins recovering quickest include monero, ontology, ethereum classic and decred. as expected some sort of bottom has been reached and a rebound has occurred, whether this has any momentum to reverse the long term bearish trend is anyone’s guess but at the moment it is looking unlikely. after reaching a 2018 low of $235 billion yesterday markets have recovered a little. bitcoin hit the yearly bottom of $5,826 a few hours ago before a bounce back of 3% to $6,180 where it currently trades. ethereum did not match its sub-$370 april low but fell to $426, it has recovered marginally to $455 but is still down 1% on the day. altcoins are still generally in the red this morning, however there are some showing signs of recovery. these tokens however, title=cryptocurrency market update: monero bounces from eight month low, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Ontology, Monero, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic and Decred, bleu=0.0284
summarize:fomo momentsmany were expecting markets to correct this weekend following a couple of days of solid gains across the board. the good news is that they have remained above $300 billion total cap level and bitcoin has held its ground trading just over the key $8,000 level. the big daddy of crypto has remained stable in the last 24 hours gaining just over one percent, altcoins have also stayed largely in the green and the rally is holding up for now. as usual one crypto is outperforming its brethren this morning and that coin today is iota. coinmarketcap is reporting a 12% gain for iota during the morning’s asian trading session. most of the other altcoins have remained at the same level for the past 24 hours but iota continues to make gains. it is currently trading at $1.50, up from $1., title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is iota, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Litecoin, Ether: Technical Analysis – iota Gains 12%, bleu=0.0205
summarize:the coming months will be crucial for all cryptocurrencies. so far, the markets are not looking all that impressive, with little to no improvements in sight. at the same time, there is some good news for eos holders. various airdrops are coming to holders in the next few weeks and months. the eos airdrops are comingone of the unusual benefits of holding specific cryptocurrencies is how one can be entitled to an airdrop. this issuance of "free coins or tokens” usually affects the major cryptocurrencies. in the past, bitcoin and ethereum users have seen their fair share of such tokens appearing out of nowhere. it now seems eos holders will go through a similar phase. raising awareness for new blockchain projects requires a unique approach. rather than raising money through an ico, these projects are giving away value. it is a conscious decision which benefits all parties involved. e, title=around a dozen airdrops are coming to eos holders, summary=eos Airdrops Coming to Cryptocurrency Holders, bleu=0.0585
summarize:fomo momentsafter a couple of weeks of solid upwards momentum crypto markets have finally started their correction. markets have fallen back below the $400 billion level as a huge sell off saw $40 billion leave the digital space and go back into fiat. bitcoin has retreated back below $9,000, losing 6% on the day and currently trading at $8,850. altcoins are also largely in the red with most of them losing 4-6% on the day. one bucking the trend and pumping at the moment is omisego. coinmarketcap is reporting a 26% price increase for omg which has over doubled in value in the past three weeks. currently trading at just under $21, omg has climbed from $16.50 this time yesterday. over the week omisego has steadily climbed 40% from $15.25 this time last thursday. the monthly picture for, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top is cryptocurrency omisego, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is omisego, bleu=0.0641
summarize:much has been said about icos during the course of 2017. are icos key to a successful startup journey? yes, icos are now a huge part of the fundraising landscape, with a similar impact as venture capital funding. while some beg to differ about the future of the crowdfunding phenomena, one can’t deny the impact it has had on many startups this year. a successful ico can say much about the innovative nature of a startup. for instance, a majority of presale participants are industry professionals and seasoned industry investors. this means the product is valuable at face value and can find mainstream applications. that’s seriously easy math. case in point is blockchain based flux, which announced its token sale on december 10, 2017, and set to end on december 31, 2017. earlier, the gaming ecosystem successfully closed its presale with over $2 million worth of investment in btc, eth, title=flux: restructure the gaming ecosystem with blockchain technology, summary=ICOs are a huge part of the fundraising landscape, but aren’t they the key to success?, bleu=0.0215
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continue to fall despite strong fundamentals, and the market decline has been largely led by tokens. the continued decline precedes a short lived, yet promising, rally when bitcoin rose to approximately $8,400 on july 24th before gradually falling to lows of $6,100 on august 10th. major tokens setting new yearly lowsalthough bitcoin has fallen nearly 30% from its monthly highs, altcoins have been especially affected by the market decline. currencies like eos and ethereum have been pushed to yearly lows and haven’t seen the same upside as bitcoin during short-term rallies. while bitcoin’s market cap has decreased from monthly highs of $145 billion on july 24th to its current market cap of $108 billion at the time of writing, ethereum’s market cap has nearly halved from its monthly highs of, title=crypto markets continue to decline, tokens especially affected by bear market, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Continue to Fall Despite Strong Fundamentals, bleu=0.0335
summarize:uphold, which describes itself as a "cloud-based financial services platform,” has added the option to buy xrp, the cryptocurrency of the global payment network ripple. this addition brings the number of coins supported by the platform to eight, the others being bitcoin, litecoin, bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold, ether, basic attention token, and dash — as well as 23 fiat currencies. "there has been huge demand for xrp, and uphold is one of the first platforms to make xrp easily accessible,” uphold ceo adrian steckel said in a press release. demand is certainly high, the price of the xrp token shot up 32,377% in 2017 — making it the fastest growing coin of the year. in comparison, ether rose 8,978%, litecoin rose 4,841%, and bitcoin increased by 1,221%. as, title=us-based crypto bank uphold adds ripple’s xrp with zero fee transactions, summary=Uphold Adds the Option to Buy xrp, the Cryptocurrency of the Global Payment Network, bleu=0.0263
summarize:the number of new crypto billionaires increased exponentially in 2017, a pattern that is likely to continue into this year. the latest to join the elite club of crypto whales is ripple co-founder chris larsen who is now richer than the co-founders of google according to a cnbc report. thanks to the recent surge in xrp he has now become one of the richest people in america. according to forbes who cited staff at the company executive chairman larsen has a personal stash of 5.19 billion xrp and a 17% stake in the company. taking current rates of xrp trading at $3.16 it will give him a net worth of $16.4 billion. using ripple’s record high of $3.80 yesterday he would have been worth almost $20 billion not including the company stake. forbes estimated his net worth, title=ripple chief the latest crypto billionaire, summary=chris larsen is now one of the richest people in the u.s. thanks to xrp surge, bleu=0.0202
summarize:key pointsbitcoin gold price struggled to break the $240 resistance and moved down against the us dollar. there was a break below a short-term bullish trend line with support at $225 on the hourly chart of btg/usd (data feed from bitfinex). the pair tested the $190-200 support and is currently moving back towards $230-240. bitcoin gold price is mostly trading in a range below $240 against the us dollar. btg/usd needs to break the $240 resistance to gain traction toward $280 and $300. bitcoin gold price rangethere were a few upside swing moves in above $200 in bitcoin gold price against the us dollar. the price tested the $240 resistance and failed to gain momentum. there were two attempts to trade past $240, but buyers failed to push the price above $240-250. as a result, there was a downside reaction, title=bitcoin gold price technical analysis – btg/usd upsides remain capped, summary=Bitcoin Gold Price Technical Analysis – btg/usd Needs to Break $240, bleu=0.1778
summarize:the vechainthor wallet has been released on july 9 and the x node binding service is now available. when this service ends around mid-july, the token swap will begin for vechain owners."chock full of features”the vechainthor wallet has been released on the apple app store and the google play app store. this will enable users to start receiving thor power (vtho) tokens for holding their vechain tokens (vet) once the migration timeline has finished. the system works similarly to neo and gas, where gas is used to deploy and run smart contracts. vechain aims to reward businesses who hold vet. vechain said, in a post:"the vechainthor wallet will be the portal to all kinds of dapps on the vechainthor blockchain. this wallet will be chock full of features,, title=vechainthor mobile wallet released ahead of mid-july token swap, summary=the vechainthor wallet will be the portal to all kinds of dapps on the blockchain, bleu=0.0346
summarize:fomo momentsbitcoin is below $6k and altcoins getting hit harder – eos, litecoin, cardano and ontology all suffering heavily. following another week of heavy losses crypto markets have broken below $250 billion and are poised to head further south. many speculate that bitcoin will go down to around $5,000 where it will find support before heading back upwards again. the bottom line is that speculation is all this really is and nobody truly knows how low this bearish market will take us. btc is currently 3% lower than yesterday’s value trading at just below the critical level of $6k at $5,960 at the time of writing. ethereum has declined 3.6% on the day to trade at $455, altcoins predictably have suffered heavier losses. nearly all of them are in the red this sunday morning but a couple of them have slowed in, title=eos getting beat up as crypto markets fall to new 2018 low, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: eos, Litecoin, Cardano, Ontology, BTC, Bitcoin Cash and More, bleu=0.0215
summarize:roberto escobar, the younger brother of notorious cocaine drug lord and cult figure pablo escobar, has entered the cryptocurrency market with his own ‘diet bitcoin’ which he promises will be the last digital currency standing. diet bitcoin will be lighter and fasterroberto escobar’s diet bitcoin (ddx), is a hard fork from bitcoin currently being launched in an ico at a 96% discount from the stated $50 value. it will sell for $2 through the former cartel member’s namesake venture investment firm escobar inc. tnw has confirmed the particulars with a spokesman from the company. according to the official website, diet bitcoin will be a lighter, faster version of bitcoin set to have a total supply of 1,000,0000 tokens which will be distributed through three different sales levels. the aforementioned pre, title=pablo escobar’s younger brother launches ‘diet bitcoin’ fork, summary=Roberto escobar’s ‘Diet Bitcoin’ promises to be the last digital currency standing, bleu=0.0339
summarize:a trader at consolidated trading llc faces allegations of wire fraud in the amount of $2 million. joseph kim, 24, is accused of embezzling funds in both litecoin and bitcoin from his employer’s coffers. the case is something of a landmark in that it is the first criminal prosecution to involve the cryptocurrency trading industry. kim was charged on thursday and is scheduled to appear in court today. bringing the case is the us attorney for chicago, john lausch. consolidated added a digital currency department last september. according to a report in fortune, kim was transferred to the unit and within days had started his fraudulent activity. this was after he’d expressly agreed to stop all personal trading. according to the prosecutor, on the weekend of his start, 980 litecoins were transferred from consolidated to a wallet that had, title=chicago crypto trader kim embezzles $2 million worth of funds, summary=a consolidated trader is accused of embezzling $2 million from his employer’s coffers, bleu=0.1201
summarize:block.one, the developer of eos and main competition to the ethereum network, will finish its year-long coin offering tomorrow having raised $4 billion in investor funds. eos token sales brought in $4 billionbased in the cayman islands and headed by 31-year-old hong kong-based ceo brendan blumer, block.one is on track to dwarf all other icos ever launched. they will more than double the $1.7 billion that tron took in earlier this year which had doubled the previous largest ico. block.one raised the money by auctioning off 2 million of their eos tokens every 23 hours at an accepted high bid, totaling 900 million tokens sold since the auctions began on june 26, 2017. despite worldwide regulation issues, icos continue to draw massive amounts of investor money since the meteoric rise of the cryptocurrency market in, title=block.one takes ico record with $4 billion in eos sales, summary=eos developer Block.one to End Year-Long Coin Offering with $4 Billion in Investor Funds, bleu=0.1164
summarize:the peoples bank of china (pboc) held its 2018 national currency gold and silver work video and telephone conference on march 28 where among all things currency related the continuation of strict regulations on cryptocurrency was announced. conference establishes strategy to protect yuandeputy governor of the pboc fan yifei attended and delivered a speech in which measures to protect the value of the yuan were outlined. though much of the time was dedicated to acknowledging the accomplishments of the pboc through the previous year there were other points on the agenda, one of which was the development of the pboc’s own digital currency and the control of unofficial ones. speaking of the government developed digital currency fan said "efforts were made (by the pboc to strengthen the management... steadily promoted the development of the central bank’s digital currency,” and then later in the speech when naming objectives for the, title=china is still planning to launch its own national cryptocurrency, summary=the Peoples Bank of China Announces Cryptocurrency Regulations, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets have taken a major dive overnight and things are looking bleak during this morning’s asian trading session. total market cap has dropped below $300 billion and it seems we are approaching the third major bottom in two months. bitcoin has broken though major support and is trading below $8,000 for the first time since the last dip on march 18. altcoins as usual have followed it and have taken a bigger battering. only one is performing well this morning and it is the same one we mentioned a few days ago, verge. according to coinmarketcap xvg is trading 14% higher on the day, up to $0.048 from $0.041 this time yesterday. over the week it has also performed pretty well trading 60% higher from $0.030 this time last tuesday. on the monthly view though verge is down 20% from $0.060 this time at the end of febr, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is verge, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Verge, bleu=0.058
summarize:despite cryptocurrencies becoming a lot more appealing, spending them is still problematic. very few retailers accept bitcoin or cryptocurrency payments these days. that situation is slowly coming to change. basepay is bringing ethereum payments to over 11 million locations, with an option to connect this particular solution to apple pay. big news for ethereumbasepay has successfully surprised virtually everyone in the cryptocurrency world. the firm announced today how their app makes it possible to spend ethereum at over 11 million retailers. there is support for nearly 400 million retailers in total, as online payment support is also built in. bringing ethereum payments tor retailers and consumers is a big development for the cryptocurrency industry as a whole. the team is confident this new solution will yield some great results. although usability will depend on location and phone os, the target release is set for q4 of 2018. android users will receive access to this application first and, title=startup enables users to pay ethereum at 11 million locations, like cash, summary=ethereumbasepay Brings Ethereum Payments to 11 Million Retail Locations, bleu=0.0364
summarize:bram cohen — the inventor of file sharing service bittorrent — is behind an up and coming cryptocurrency called chia. chia, which doesn’t require massive amounts of electricity like bitcoin does, has raised almost $3.4 million without the help of an initial coin offering (ico). the money will help the startup build its coin and blockchain, which is powered by proof of space (also known as proof of capacity) and proof of time instead of proof of work. developers plan to launch q1 2019."this may be the first fully compliant public offering for a crypto company,” a chia spokesperson writes. mini-ipothe company is not interested in utilizing a sometimes controversial ico, a process which comes with "a lot of issues with regulatory uncertainty and investor protection,” according to chia president ryan singer. instead, chia is working with its general council and the u, title=bittorrent creator bram cohen developing cryptocurrency chia without ico, summary=chia raises $3.4 Million without an ICO to build its coin and blockchain, bleu=0.0338
summarize:no one can deny cryptocurrency is about much more than just bitcoin. that is a positive development, as bitcoin is not perfect. nor does it have all of the answers to our problems either. it is a good currency at times, but right now, it’s not in the best of shapes. as a result, mainstream companies are slowly showing an interest in other currencies. kpn, for example, has decided to host a dedicated neo consensus node in their data center. an interesting decision by the dutch telco. there is an interesting future ahead for all currencies that are not bitcoin. especially those which offer something entirely different from established currencies. neo is similar to ethereum in some ways, yet completely different in other aspects. so far, this altcoin has seen great success throughout 2017. it seems that powerful trend will continue into early 2018. especially when they have some big announcements, title=kpn shows support for neo by hosting a consensus node in data center, summary=kpn to Launch a neo Node in their Data Center, bleu=0.044
summarize:it often does not take much to generate momentum and an upwards price movement in cryptocurrencies. a shill or an announcement on social media can be enough. a facelift or rebrand is also a good way to get traders looking at the project again. raiblocks has done just that with an announcement on a new name to resonate with investors. in a medium post yesterday the nano core team announced that as the new brand for raiblocks. all altcoins have suffered heavy losses this week as the crypto market shed 20% falling from just under $600 billion to $480 billion before reviving a little to just over $500 billion. drowning in a sea of mainstream media fud crypto currencies are in need of a boost and a rebrand can do just that. new nano risingraiblocks works on a ‘block lattice’ or grid configuration called directed a, title=nano makes moves as rebranded raiblocks, summary=raiblocks Launches New Name for Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0812
summarize:the first us property will be sold entirely through a blockchain transaction on ethereum in south burlington, vermont, putting the city on the map as a "global blockchain leader.”ethereum used for real estate dealsouth burlington, dubai and kiev are all part of a pilot program with global blockchain-based real estate marketplace proppy inc. who handled the transaction. katherine purcell signed off on the transaction in late february through the san francisco based proppy which uses the ethereum network to transact and record all contracts and documents instead of the city’s record system. vermont is the first state in the us to allow this type of transaction. purcell spoke to inverse, saying she was a little nervous about making the deal but also excited."this type of technology excites me. its encryption capabilities are top of the line, title=first ethereum based real estate deal completed in the u.s., summary=Vermont’s first ethereum property will be sold entirely through a blockchain transaction, bleu=0.0623
summarize:there will always be winners and losers in the crypto race, and while most altcoins are still flying high from levels a couple of months ago, some tend to stand out in the crowd. neo is one of those coins that has remained bullish when the bears have influenced the rest. last week saw a huge sell off on the back of fud and fake news out of south korea. there was no crypto ban in the southeast asian nation despite some leading news agencies reporting so. what actually transpired was a ban on anonymous trading accounts to prevent illegal activities such as money laundering. altcoins, which are traded heavily in south korea, fell across the board last week however neo remained strong and continued upwards. the chinese ethereum as it is often called reached a new record high just a couple of hours ago, title=neo reaches record high, summary=neo, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, EOS: Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Upsides, bleu=0.0191
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are slowly inching upwards, ethereum classic and bat performing well while iota crashes. crypto markets remain flat for a second day as the bulls fail to grapple control off the bears which have been battering them for over a week. total market capitalization remains over $250 billion but only just, further losses could be imminent. bitcoin has held support at $7k and has nudged just over it to trade 1.5% higher at $7,100 at the time of writing. a push towards resistance at $7,120 may signal a recovery. ethereum has not moved for the third day in a row and remains planted at $410. altcoins are still a mixed bunch with a few making minor gains but some suffering. in the top ten iota is in pain with a 10% slide to $0.79, it has lost so much, title=cryptocurrency market update: basic attention token (bat) getting noticed, summary=iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Bitcoin Classic, Bat, IOTA Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Flat, bleu=0.0
summarize:independent content providers have a difficult path to earning a living from their work but some new blockchain based reward networks are changing this. content creators to get their dueanyone who has spent years and countless hours developing independent content across multiple platforms knows how hard it is to actually generate any revenue from the work. while twitter, facebook, and instagram rely on user-generated content the revenue that streams in from ads goes directly to the platform, only rarely dripping into the pockets of those who put the time and energy into drawing the traffic. author and founder of good audience, sherman lee, believes decentralization and blockchain ledger technology are a perfect combination to bridge this gap in creation and reimbursement. as she recently wrote in forbes ‘every single piece of unique content could be recorded on the blockchain along with impressions, likes, and comments. content creators would have transparency into the impact they are making, title=blockchain based rewards benefit independent content creators, summary=Blockchain Reward Networks Allow Independent Content Providers to Earn Their Due, bleu=0.0
summarize:it’s every cryptocurrency investors worst fear, the exit scam, and it may have just happened again. all signs point towards the founder of savedroid having taken the company’s money and ran. savedroid ceo and founder tweets "thanks guys” from a beach in egyptthe founder of german-based startup savedroid, yassin hankir, is feared to have taken off with the $50 million his company raised in its ico and headed for the beach. savedroid was purportedly building an ai-powered app that would help users to invest in a vetted portfolio of cryptocurrencies and related derivatives. it, like many other fintech startups also claimed it would produce a cryptocurrency funded credit card, a claim common among ico’s that turn out to be a scam. originally reported by bloomberg savedroids website has been replaced with the "and it’, title=investors concerned cryptocurrency founder ran off with millions of dollars, summary=German Startup Saveroid Takes $50 Million in Cryptocurrency Funding and Runs to the Beach, bleu=0.0
summarize:there are plenty of different opinions on cryptocurrencies. it is difficult to find the true metric to determine their success. according to the bank of international settlements (bis), there isn’t any real growth. in fact, bis claims the performance of cryptocurrencies worsens as the currencies grow more popular. bis has strong opinionsit is a well-known fact how banks and financial institutions dislike bitcoin. this trend became apparent many years ago and still remains in place today. bar a few exceptions, it seems unlikely any overarching institutions will give cryptocurrencies the benefit of the doubt. for the bis, that is quite visible as of right now. in a recent statement, bis confirmed they are keeping tabs on the performance of cryptocurrencies. more specifically, they have been tracking how currency growth correlates to performance. the current result is not all that great, according to bis. in fact, its latest annual report claims how the lack of blockchain, title=cryptocurrencies perform worse as they grow more popular, bis report claims, summary=Bank of International Settlements Says Cryptocurrency Performance Worsens as Popularity Grows, bleu=0.0342
summarize:the co-founder of ethereum has made the argument that the cryptocurrency market hasn’t burst its bubble following a slump in market prices last week. speaking to bloomberg, joseph lubin, the co-founder of ethereum, explained that it would be ‘shortsighted’ to say that the market had popped."it may be hard to tell because we’re so focused on ethereum, we’re so focused on building decentralised applications on the ethereum platform and we’re so much less focussed on cryptocurrencies like bitcoin,” he said. "but i would argue that we’ve seen a correction in our space, calling it a bubble to have been popped is a little bit shortsighted.”he added that there was "foundational, fundamental work being built” and that it was still early days for the ecosystem. his comments, title=ethereum co-founder: saying cryptocurrency is a bursted bubble is “shortsighted”, summary=ethereum co-founder: it’s ‘shortsighted’ to say the market hasn’t burst its bubble, bleu=0.1236
summarize:bittrex has finally stepped into the fiat sub-industry of crypto exchanges, recently introducing a plan to roll out usd trading pairs to its thousands of users. welcome xrp and ethereum classic to bittrex’s fiat-to-crypto lineupon wednesday morning, the seattle-based bittrex exchange announced that it would be launching two new trading pairs come august 20th. this announcement comes amidst the exchange’s plan to finally offer fiat support, which many saw as a long time coming for one of the leading platforms in this rapidly growing space. get ready – we’re adding more us dollar (usd) markets on @bittrexexchange. on august 20, we’re launching usd (fiat) markets for etc & xrp. https://t.co/uvlw4g, title=can bittrex usd trading options revive ripple’s xrp, summary=Bittrex Launches Usd Trading Pairs: xrp and ethereum Classic, bleu=0.042
summarize:cryptocurrency networks are under multiple threats on a near-constant basis one of the biggest concerns is the so-called 51% attack. during such an attack, a nefarious individual – or group of users – can control the network. it appears the monacoin network has recently gone through such an attack. there is still no solution to the ongoing problem. the monacoin attack problema few days ago, a new topic was opened on the monacoin subreddit. in this post, it was explained how there was an ongoing issue with the network. one of the mining pools is withholding blocks. as such, network transactions are not processed properly, which causes all kinds of trouble. with one pool controlling the network, a lot of issues can be created in quick succession. the reason why this is taking place is due to monacoin’s mining difficulty re-target, title=monacoin network still suffering from selfless mining attack, summary=Cryptocurrency Networks Are Under Multiple Threats, But There’s Still No Solution, bleu=0.0
summarize:ripple has made a lot of headlines over the past 18 months. the company is intent on disrupting the financial sector with digital ledgers and its xrp asset. santander has confirmed they will carry out cross-border payments with ripple’s technology this year. another notch in the belt of ripplevarious financial service providers have taken a keen interest in what ripple has to offer. the growing focus on distributed ledgers and digital assets is very tangible. especially when it comes to cross-border transactions, there’s plenty of room for improvements. making this concept faster, cheaper, and more reliable is no easy feat, though. as such, various banks – mainly in asia – have partnered with ripple. their goal is to develop pilot projects and test the viability of the company’s technology. it now seems the first major bank to implement this technology is none other than santander., title=santander confirms ripple-based cross-border payments are coming “soon”, summary=santander to Launch Cross-Border Payments with Ripple, bleu=0.0569
summarize:neo has announced it will build a new version of the neo platform for large-scale enterprises. it will require a higher throughput in order to cope with the higher usage requirements of enterprise use. plan to create divisible neo unitsthe new version of neo will be designed for high-performance use through features such as sharding, which allows the platform to scale. it will also feature divisible units, moving beyond neo as an indivisible coin, following the problem between neo and gas. neo co-founder and core developer, erik zhang, said:"neo 3.0 will be an entirely new version of the neo platform, built for large-scale enterprise use cases. it will provide higher tps and stability, expanded apis for smart contracts, optimized economic and pricing models, and much more, title=neo targets large scale enterprises with new high scalability platform, summary=neo to Build a New Version of the Platform for Large-scale Enterprises, bleu=0.0339
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are ethereum classic, tron, nano, and basic attention token. the aftermath of the bithumb hack did not have a long lasting effect on markets fortunately and they are creeping up today. total market cap is edging back towards $300 billion but taking its time. bitcoin has recovered all losses and is up 2.2% on the day to $6,780 and ethereum is performing even better with a 3.6% rise to $540. it is too early to say whether the previous third big dip of the year was the last. altcoins are generally in the green at the moment but the only one in double figures at the time of writing is ethereum classic. coinmarketcap is reporting a 14% increase in etc over the past 24 hours making it the leading altcoin in the top 25 during asian trading. ethereum, title=cryptocurrency trading update: ethereum classic leading the recovery, summary=ethereum Classic is the Leading Altcoin in the Top 25 during Asian Trading, bleu=0.0367
summarize:there are always interesting developments to take note of in the cryptocurrency world. right now, the xrp price is surging once again. thanks to solid gains over the past few hours, the xrp price surpassed $1. most of this excitement is fueled by speculation and hype, though. xrp price is soaringno one will deny the xrp price is moving up quite nicely as of right now. its 17% gain over the past 24 hours should not be taken lightly whatsoever. as is usually the case in this industry, the current price jump is primarily fueled by hype, speculation, and expectations. that doesn’t mean ripple is not a solid project, though, but it is evident all things need to be put into their proper perspective at all times. this time around, it seems most people expect ripple’s asset to be added to the coinbase exchange. it is not the first time, title=ripple price rises as new fake coinbase listing rumors appear, summary=xrp Price Surges 17% as Cryptocurrency Market Remains Bullish, bleu=0.042
summarize:comparing different blockchain-based ecosystems usually makes no sense whatsoever. it feels like comparing apples to oranges and grapes. in the cryptocurrency world, however, there are some interesting metrics worth keeping an eye on. over the past 24 hours, it seems the ethereum blockchain helped transfer just over $23bn. this is almost as much as bitcoin, bitcoinc ash, litecoin, dash, btg, and etc combined. an interesting development, although not all blockchains can be traded in this regard. every blockchain is capable of processing transactions and moving financial value from one user to the next. in the cryptocurrency world, that is a requirement to ensure the network has any value at all. ethereum has suddenly become a very popular solution to transfer value. so much even that it processes almost as much value as six other top cryptocurrencies combined. whereas many people assume bitcoin is the king of the, title=eth blockchain processes over $23b in transactions over the past 24h, summary=ethereum Transfers $23 Billion in 24 Hours, More Than Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dash, BTC, etc., bleu=0.0216
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is struggling to move above the $2600 and $2700 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $2600 on the 4-hours chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the $2600 and $2700 levels to gain traction in the near term. bitcoin cash price is finding bids above the $2200 level against the us dollar. bch/usd must close above $2700 to move back in the bullish zone. bitcoin cash price upside hurdleafter a sharp downside move toward $2000, bitcoin cash price found support against the us dollar. the price started a recovery and managed to settle above $2200. there were a couple of upside attempts, but it struggled to move above $2800 and then at $2700. it seems like there is a crucial bearish trend line, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – can bch/usd break this?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.125
summarize:key pointsbitcoin gold price failed to move above the $260 resistance and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a contracting triangle with support at $245 on the hourly chart of btg/usd (data feed from bitfinex). the pair might continue to decline toward the $230 and $220 support levels in the near term. bitcoin gold price reacted downside from the $260 resistance against the us dollar. btg/usd may now extend declines towards the $220 level. bitcoin gold price downside movethere was a long struggle to break the $260 and $270 resistance levels in bitcoin gold price against the us dollar. the price failed to settle above the $260 and later started a downside move. it broke the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $208 low to $260 high. the downside move was strong, as the price, title=bitcoin gold technical analysis – btg/usd to decline further?, summary=Bitcoin Gold Price Technical Analysis – btg/usd Could Break $220, bleu=0.1934
summarize:fomo momentsanother red day in crypto land, eos getting battered and only tezos is gaininghopes of a rally have been dashed as the bears wrestle markets downwards for another day. total market capitalization has declined once again and fallen back below $270 billion. bitcoin could not break resistance at $6,800 and has fallen back 1.5% on the day to $6,675, volume has increased fractionally though. likewise with ethereum, it could not push past $500 and has dropped back a heavy 4.8% to $460 at the time of writing. as expected all altoins are in the red with a few plummeting double figures during the morning’s trading. eos has been absolutely trounced over the past 24 hours shedding 12% to trade at $7.58. from its all-time high of $21.50, title=cryptocurrency market update: ‘ethereum killer’ eos getting killed, summary=eos, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis for the Day, bleu=0.0291
summarize:fomo momentsanother 2018 low is hit, ethereum, xrp, neo and iota getting hammeredthe rout has continued into the weekend as crypto markets plummeted to another low for the year. another $20 billion has been dropped from markets as they slid below $210 billion for the first time in nine months. bitcoin failed to hold support at $6,400 and has dropped 4.7% on the day to $6,150. if the bears do not release their stranglehold it could easily fall below $6k and into dangerous territory. this is bad news for ethereum which is at its lowest point for a year, down 11.4% to $320. altcoins are getting smashed with the majority of them dumping double figures. in the top ten, ripple’s xrp is taking the biggest hit with, title=hodlers are hurting, cryptos crushed with another $20 billion dumped, summary=XRP, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether, NEO, IOTA, BTC, Poloniex: 2018 Low Hits Another $20 Billion, bleu=0.032
summarize:cryptocurrency thefts are nothing new these days. a lot of hackers have successfully attacked exchanges in the past the recent coincheck exchange shows how easy it is and launder the money accordingly. it also highlights exchanges have work to do when it comes to fighting these problems. coincheck hack laundering issuesit is safe to say laundering cryptocurrencies still poses a problem. especially when dealing with large amounts, there are a fair few issues to take into account. the recent coincheck hack, for example, shows how difficult this job can be. with $500m in stolen nem to be cleaned up, there is a lot of work to be done. doing so on the open market is pretty much impossible without raising red flags. most exchanges and the nem foundation keep close tabs on the stole funds. doing so should effectively prevent the hackers from laundering the stolen funds accordingly. even so, nikkei reports how close to $, title=coincheck cryptocurrency hack goes unpunished despite money being launderred, summary=Cryptocurrency Laundering Issues: Recent Coincheck Hack, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets inch up slowly; tezos, vechain, and ontology getting a good start to the week. crypto markets have been pretty inactive over the weekend. this is good news as there has not been another drop and total capitalization has actually increased a little and is now just over $215 billion. on the other hand there have been no real signs of a sustained recovery just yet either. bitcoin spiked over $100 around ten hours ago lifting it back to $6,500 after spending most of the weekend oscillating around the $6,400 level. it has since fallen back to $6,470 but technical analysis for btc indicates that a breakout could be imminent. ethereum has struggled to rise above $300 and has actually dipped below it several times over the past two days. eth is currently up 1.5% on the day but could climb further, especially, title=cryptocurrency market update: tezos jumps on coinone listing, summary=tezos, vechain, Ontology, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis for the Week, bleu=0.0241
summarize:the movers and shakers of the altcoin world certainly do move fast. the top ten cryptocurrencies by market capacity shifts on an almost hourly basis with new contenders rapidly ascending the charts. the year has started well for cryptos and some altcoins are showing an early lead. tron is one of them. tronix has firmly taken 6th spot on the capacity charts, usurping nem, stella, and litecoin. its market capacity at the time of writing stands at $18 billion. the 24-hour trade volume has been a staggering $5 billion which is immense for a relatively new altcoin. trx is currently trading at an all-time high of $0.28 rising in an almost exponential curve from $0.003 at the beginning of the month. this represents an increase of almost 7000% in a month. so what could be the driving force behind, title=tron becomes sixth most popular altcoin, summary=Altcoin Analysis: tronix Takes 6th Place on Capacity Charts, bleu=0.0
summarize:the situation involving ripple’s native xrp asset is evolving rather slowly. more specifically, people want to know whether or not this is effectively a security. with the ethereum situation now clarified, one can only hope more information regarding ripple in the coming days and weeks. the xrp situation remains unclearthere are some characteristics about ripple’s xrp which worry investors and regulators. that doesn’t automatically mean it can be labeled as a security by the sec, though. an official "investigation” is underway, by the look of things. ever since a lawsuit was filed to determine the future status of xrp, there has been a fair amount of speculation. according to the sec’s william hinman, classifying xrp is not straightforward. a security is usually an investment vehicle for which buyers have specific expectations. if the buyer expect, title=uneasy regulatory status surrounding ripple (xrp) sparks debates, summary=xrp is a Cryptocurrency, but it’s not an ethereum, according to the sec, bleu=0.0263
summarize:the ethereum foundation is always looking to make a positive impact. they are actively looking into supporting applications, smart contracts, and other innovative projects. earlier this week, the ethereum foundation announced their first grants to help bolster this ecosystem. the ethereum foundation grantswith a grant issued by the foundation, developers can keep working on their projects. there is a lot of research and development that goes into every single project. empowering these innovative developers in any way possible is what the ethereum foundation aims to achieve first and foremost. collaboration is critical in the way of blockchain technology and any feature derived from it. for the community, these grants also play a big role. the "decisions” made by the ethereum foundation highlight projects worth keeping an eye on. no ecosystem is complete without looking at the technological implications from all different sides. several key aspects of the ethereum network need more, title=multi-million dollar grants to ethereum projects issued, focus on scalability, summary=ethereum Foundation Announces First Grants to Support Blockchain Applications, bleu=0.0454
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are ontology, ethereum classic, zcash and zilliqa. the good news for today’s crypto market update is that nearly all coins are in the green at the moment. the not so good news is that gains are minimal at best. total market capitalization has remained above $250 billion and inched up a little, with bitcoin gaining 1.75% on the day to trade at $6,280. ethereum has made a marginal gain of 1.5% to trade at $460 which is still very low. altcoins are all gaining but mostly below 5%, one that is performing much better during asian trading is ontology. coinmarketcap is currently reporting a 9% climb for ont which took a big hit during sunday’s yearly low. ontology is currently trading at $5.63, title=cryptocurrency market update: mainnet momentum moves ontology (ont), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Update: Ontology, ethereum Classic, Zcash and Zilliqa Gain, bleu=0.0309
summarize:the u. s. securities and exchange commission (sec) has declared that ethereum (eth) is not a security under u. s. securities law as it is a decentralized structure that is not controlled by any committed third party. sec backs decentralized coinsspeaking at the yahoo all markets summit: crypto conference in san francisco, the finance head said that the key issue is how the asset is sold and the ‘expectations of purchasers.’ at the time of publishing, ethereum is trading at $518, according to coinmarketcap, up by 9.59 percent in 24 hours. william hinman, head of the division of corporation finance at the sec, said that u. s. securities law will not apply to ethereum as a tradable commodity because of its decentralization. this acknowledges that it was originally, title=ethereum rebounds up nearly 10% as sec confirms it’s not a security, summary=u.s. Securities Commission Declares ethereum is Not a Security Under US Securities Law, bleu=0.0291
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is quiet; zero-ex, nem, neo, and verge doing well this morning. following the pump from the lowest dip of the year on friday, crypto markets have been relatively stable over the weekend. total market capitalization has remained above $250 billion but further upward momentum could not be found. better news is that they did not collapse again back to a deeper dip, though this could still be possible. bitcoin failed to break through key resistance at $6,400 and has fallen back marginally to $6,340 showing no gains or losses over the past 24 hours. ethereum has also stalled at its current level of $450 forming a consolidating triangle according to the technical analysis. altcoins are mostly in the green with some showing good gains this morning in asia. these include cardano, iota, neo, nem, title=cryptocurrency market update: 0x (zrx) surging 20% on coinbase rumors, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, IOTA, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0202
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are recovering from a two day correction; stellar, binance coin, 0x, and pivx performing well. as we enter the weekend markets have rebounded slightly and are heading back towards $300 billion. following a correction that saw $15 billion leave the markets things are slowly heading back upwards and most cryptos are in the green this morning. daily trade volume has passed $26 billion, its highest level for 11 weeks. bitcoin has regained 3.3% on the day and is trading at just over $8,200. the correction appears to have been short lived and further gains could be possible. ethereum has also recovered slightly with a small gain of 1.4% to trade at $470. all altcoins are in the green at the moment and stellar is the best performer in the top ten with a 5% gain to $0.321. since last saturday x, title=cryptocurrency trade volume reaches 11 week high, summary=Bitcoin, EOS, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar, Oculus Rift, BTC, IOTA, Zcash, Binance, Pivx: Markets Recover From $15 Billion Correction, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentscurrent recovering altcoins are ethereum classic, tezos, and nano. the falling knife seems to have hit something solid as we enter the weekend in crypto land. the bears are having the day off and market capitalization has halted at just above $265 billion as further losses are on hold for now. bitcoin has found support above $7,400 and is trading 1% up on the day to $7,470. falling below $7k will be critical for btc and it needs to hold above it for any hopes of a recovery. ethereum has also recovered a little today, up 2% to just below $420. altcoins are mostly green and clawing back small gains from big losses over the past week. according to coinmarketcap there are two way out in front at the moment and they are ethereum classic and tezos., title=ethereum classic recovers as coinbase nears etc trading, summary=ethereum Classic, tezos, and Nano: Altcoins Recovering from Week-End Losses, bleu=0.0309
summarize:in today’s crypto market drop-off, a majority of cryptocurrencies posted horrendous losses, including ethereum, which fell further than many of its altcoin brethren. this came to the surprise of many, as ethereum is normally a force to be reckoned with in ‘normal’ market conditions. ethereum moves under $300 for the first time in 9 monthsover its relatively short history, ethereum has grown to become the 2nd most valuable cryptocurrency, becoming the platform of choice for cryptocurrency projects, and dapp developers. despite the fact that ethereum has cemented itself as a leader in this flowering market, this has not made it vulnerable to devastating price crashes, such as the one seen on monday. as users turned on their computers on monday morning, it quickly became apparent that something was amok, with the market reestablishing year-to, title=ethereum tumbles 17%, investors blame it on an ico sell-off, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Drops Further than Other Altcoins: ethereum, bleu=0.0342
summarize:fomo momentscrypto traders do not seem to be missing out on anything today as the mass selloff continues unabated. the markets are still dominated by fear during this morning’s asian trading session. the wall of red altcoins is looking as imposing as ever as bitcoin leads the downward charge by shedding over 23% in the past 24 hours. some of the major altcoins in the top 25 have hemorrhaged over a third of their value in a matter of days. finding one in the green is virtually impossible so we have to go way down the list into the realms of obscurity. however there is an altcoin currently outperforming the rest. e-coin is up 250% on the day and it is currently in the middle of what looks like a pump and dump. this time yesterday the ecn token was trading at $7.40,, title=morning asian altcoin trading roundup, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is ecn, bleu=0.0
summarize:there are many different cryptocurrencies to keep an eye on. one of those currencies goes by the name neo. the altcoin, which is mainly targeting the chinese market, is trying a very different approach. the developers’ vision to create a smart economy will require a lot of effort to pull off, though. the neo story so farmost people may recall neo is the new name for antshares, a cryptocurrency project launched in 2014. although the team has remained largely the same, the rebranding has elevated the coin’s value to new heights. as such, the current goal is to establish a smart economy using blockchain technology and cryptocurrency. making the ownership of non-digital assets more transparent is commendable, but not all that easy. more specifically, it requires the immutable recording of all types of assets this includes non-finan, title=will neo succeed in building a smart economy for real-world assets?, summary=neo is a Chinese altcoin that’s trying to create an “Immutable Record of Assets”, bleu=0.0338
summarize:there is a lot of excitement surrounding the eos mainnet launch. so far, things have not gone according to plan by any means. many issues have been dealt with, yet the official release took much longer than expected. even so, the main net has launched successfully, which is all most supporters will care about at this stage. the eos mainnet issuesfacing multiple setbacks when launching a new blockchain is always worrisome. in the case of eos, a few issues popped up which had nothing to do with the technology itself. first of all, there was a phishing email campaign due to a compromised zendesk account. that issue was eventually resolved, yet it did raise a lot of criticism in the process. additionally, the mainnet was pushed back numerous times. security vulnerabilities were identified by a chinese firm several weeks ago. that development, title=eos launches mainnet successfully: the good and the ugly, summary=eos Mainnet Launches Successfully Despite Multiple Setbacks, bleu=0.0428
summarize:an ico for a company called miroskii has been outed for listing ryan gosling as part of their team. the chinese coin offering gives investors the chance to "join the crypto revolution” but there are several red flags over its legitimacy. the chief of these, of course, is their decision to include a stock photo of a hollywood actor on their website. miroskii appears to be the latest in a growing list of ico scamson the miroskii website, under the section listing the project’s team members, there is a headshot of ryan gosling, the star of the notebook, drive, and la la land. the name accompanying the photo is "kevin belanger”. he is listed as an "experienced graphic designer with a clear focus on identities and illustration” for the company. eagle-eyed twitter, title=dubious ico lists ryan gosling as team member, summary=chinese ICO Outed for Listing Hollywood Star ryan Gosling as Team Member, bleu=0.0403
summarize:there are very exciting times for the tron community. with the token migration almost on the horizon, some important information needs to be highlighted. this switch from an erc20-based token to the official mainnet trx is expected to complete without any major issues. even so, tron holders need to take some basic guidelines into consideration at all times. the upcoming trx token swapsimilar to how eos fared in the past month, tron is preparing to launch its mainnet shortly. even though eos ran into a fair few issues, it seems the trx migration will be a bit smoother in this regard. as such, the first order of business is to convert all erc20 tokens to the tron20 standard. any tokens not exchanges will become completely unusable and have no further value. whenever such an important change is happening, the, title=upcoming tron (trx) token swap supported by over 30 exchanges, summary=tron’s upcoming trx token swap is expected to be smoother than eos’, bleu=0.0805
summarize:top performing cryptocurrencies were ethereum classic and binance coin while neo, cardano, iota and icon were the biggest losers. another month went by in crypto land but june would be one that most would want to forget. looking back at the winners and losers from the month does not display a pretty picture for most of them. following may’s month of decline the bears hit markets even harder in june pushing them down to their lowest levels in 2018. total crypto market capitalization declined in june from $330 billion on the first to $245 billion at the end of the month representing a loss of 26%. around $85 billion dollars flooded out of the crypto market during june which saw it reach a yearly low of $233 billion on the 29th. since january’s peak markets have lost 72% to this low point five months later, title=june roundup: cryptocurrency winners and losers, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: ethereum Classic, Binance, Iota, neo, Cardano and Icon, bleu=0.0291
summarize:while bitcoin remains firmly planted at the top of the crypto pile the race for second, third and fourth continues. the two main contenders for market capacity supremacy and second spots are ethereum and ripple, and eth has just taken that position. xrp has suffered at the hands of analytics website coinmarketcap.com which capriciously decided to omit south korean exchanges from its price and volume calculations yesterday. metrics aside ethereum has been making solid ground on ripple which has held the number two position for a couple of weeks. eth is up 35% for the week rising from $870 to a record high of $1,260 over the seven day period. after a correction in the market – or coinmarketcap’s figures – the altcoin is currently trading at just over $1,200 during the asian trading session. the upswing has, title=ethereum tops ripple amid confusion on cryptocurrency prices, summary=ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether: XRP, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis – xrp vs. bitcoin, bleu=0.0157
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets had a little spurt; stellar, vechain, lisk and nano benefiting. crypto markets experienced a short spurt of energy a few hours ago when a seemingly manipulated pump added over $12 billion to total capitalization. they have already began to fall back however indicated that the bears are still in full control of things and the momentum was short lived. bitcoin spiked to a peak of $6,800 eight hours ago when the bitmex exchanged had a temporary outage causing anomalous trade volumes. the jump marks a 3.6% climb on the day as btc has now pulled back to $6,690. ethereum got a small boost from the event but nothing significant enough to alter its price which remains at $285 on the day. altcoins are largely in the green at the moment following yesterday’s decline. their price action, title=$12 billion crypto market pump already receding, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are in the green for a second day as cryptocurrencies struggle to claw back heavy losses over the past week. bitcoin is leading the charge and has climbed to $8,600, up 5.3% on the day. altcoins are also predominantly green and in recovery mode, some are gaining faster than others and one way out in front this morning is qtum. according to coinmarketcap qtum is trading 56% higher during the asian session this morning. the token was trading at $13.60 this time yesterday and has jumped to $21.15 within 24 hours. the weekly picture is also positive for this altcoin as it has shown a 15.6% gain on prices last tuesday. over the month however qtum is down 34% from $32 on february 20. against btc the coin is up 50% at 246388, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is qtum, summary=qtum, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS: Technical Analysis for tuesday, bleu=0.0241
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are falling, altcoins getting hit hardest are ontology, bytecoin and 0x. just when signs of a recovery were looking positive crypto markets have dumped again dropping another $10 billion in a matter of hours. buying pressure could not be sustained and the bears once again dominate crypto land. total market cap did not reach $300 billion and has fallen back as a sea of red envelops the charts. bitcoin never got close to $7k and has shed 1.8% over the past day declining to an ominous $6,666 at the time of writing. ethereum, after a couple of days of good gains, has fallen harder with 4.4% losses on the day back to around $515. predictably altcoins have suffered worse with almost the entire top 50 losing ground. only bat down in 45th place is actually showing gains this morning. according to, title=another day another dump, $10 billion shaved off crypto markets again, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether, Cardano, EOS, Oculus Rift: Technical Analysis – 0x, Ontology, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0129
summarize:tezos is embroiled in controversy once again as co-founder arthur breitman is slapped with a fine and a trading ban for two years by the financial industry regulatory authority (finra). breitman fined $20,000the wall street regulatory body has come to a settlement with breitman after he was accused of making false statements about his side venture (tezos) while he was actively employed at morgan stanley. all registered finra securities professionals are required to report any for-profit activity outside of their stated employment if there is "reasonable expectation of compensation.”the regulatory action stems from a reuters article published in october that found breitman, who is registered with finra as a french citizen, never disclosed the work he was doing for tezos while still employed at morgan stanley, title=tezos co-founder fined and banned by wall street regulator, summary=tezos Co-Founder Arthur breitman Fined $20,000 by Finra for False Statements, bleu=0.0403
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is still in the green, stellar, chainlink, stratis and komodo making good gains. the correction has not happened yet and markets are still creeping higher. only bitcoin and a couple of altcoins seem to be the beneficiaries however. total market capitalization has broken $300 billion and is holding just above it at the moment. bitcoin has remained stable on the day with no gains or losses, holding at $8,240 at the time of writing. it still may pull back to below $8k as traders take profits but is steady this morning. ethereum has made a marginal gain of 1.8% to trade at $485 but has been flat over the week posting no gains since the same time last thursday. altcoins are generally in the green at the moment with one or two enjoying double digit growth this morning. one of those coins is stellar lumens which, title=cryptocurrency market update: stellar flies high on new partnership, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Stellar Lumens, Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: Altcoins Still in the Green, bleu=0.0245
summarize:predicting the future price of cryptocurrencies is rather complicated. with so many different factors to keep in mind, accurate predictions are rather rare. that being said, a group of panelists recently discussed some of the top cryptocurrencies for 2018. the results are pretty interesting, as the "big winner” is not the altcoin you might think. cryptocurrency prices in 2018the opinions on cryptocurrency prices are always interesting to keep an eye on. so far, the overall market sentiment appears to be pretty bearish, but things are always changing. according to a team of panelists, 2018 will be pretty good for bitcoin later this year. they see the price per btc rise to as high as $29,533, which is a nice increase compared to right now. even though that is a 184.31% increase compared to right now, such gains are not impossible where cryptocurrency prices are concerned. although we see similar trends for most other currencies as, title=predicted 2018 cryptocurrency prices: major gains for cardano and dogecoin, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: 2018 Will Be Pretty Good for Bitcoin, bleu=0.0493
summarize:south korean trading platforms affect cryptocurrency valuations in many different ways. not just because of the premium trading value, but also the sheer volume in general. it is evident getting listed in south korea is the main priority for altcoins these days. their value tends to soar when it happens, regardless of working tech under the hood. the importance of south koreaever since chinese regulators made cny-based trading impossible for cryptocurrrency enthusiasts, new markets have shot to the forefront. at first, we saw japan make a meaningful impact in this regard. once the western world got back to its feet, bitfinex and consorts started to increase their overall volume as well. all of these attempts are valiant in their own way, yet only represent a drop in the bucket. especially when it comes to altcoin trading, there is only one, title=altcoins continue to benefit from the so-called “south korea effect”, summary=South korean Cryptocurrency Trading Platforms Impact Values in Many Ways, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are bouncing from the bottom, xrp, litecoin, tezos and tron recovering from major losses. after five days of heavy losses resulting in $40 billion being dumped out of crypto markets a bounce has finally occurred. the boards are all green this morning as cryptocurrencies rebound from the yearly bottom a couple of days ago. market capitalization has climbed back above $200 billion but is still very low looking at the big picture. bitcoin has led the charge recovering 6% on the day to $6,420. btc held support at $6k and has yet to plunge below it again which is a good sign generally. ethereum, which has been utterly smashed over the past week has gained 6.7% back to trade at $285 which is still close to its lowest levels in a long time. the altcoins fall harder, title=cryptocurrency market update: altcoins bounce from the bottom, summary=XRP, Litecoin, Ether, Poloniex, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, EOS: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0215
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is cooking this morning; top altcoins are stellar, cardano, eos, zcash, 0x, icon and ardor. finally it is party time in crypto land, a big bull run has starting and markets are awash with green this morning. over $20 billion has entered the markets in the past 24 hours pushing total capitalization over $290 billion for the first time in a month. bitcoin led the charge with an epic pump of $600 in less than an hour yesterday. that huge green candle combined with a surge in volume by $2 billion has kept btc above $7,000. it is currently trading at $7,380, up 9.5% on the day and its highest level since june 10. ethereum also benefited from the rally climbing 5% on the day to $500, its highest level for almost a month. the altco, title=which altcoins are winning in the $20 billion crypto bull run, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins Are Stark, Cardano, eos and XRP, bleu=0.0
summarize:new rules regarding cryptocurrency have come into effect today in south korea. the legislation seeks to tackle money laundering and to bring the space in line with banks’ kyc (know your customer) obligations. the regulations were set out in a document published on january 23. it stated that only those using real-name bank accounts would be permitted to trade cryptocurrencies. the date given for the change was january 30. according to the document, the new measures would:"... reduce room for cryptocurrency transactions to be exploited for illegal activities, such as crimes, money laundering and tax evasion.”today, the south korean financial services commission stated that the new measures had indeed been implemented. in an email to cnbc, a spokesperson said it was still too early to tell what the effects of said regulations would be. however, many within the cryptocurrency space are optimistic about the legislation that south, title=south korea: crypto regulations come into play – negatively priced, summary=South Korea Announces New Cryptocurrency Regulations, bleu=0.0
summarize:news on new partnerships, technology, or services for a specific cryptocurrency usually does wonders for its price action. yesterday was the launch of litecoin payments provider litepay and as expected ltc prices were bullish throughout the day. today has been the complete opposite as the long awaited service failed to impress, or offer what was expected of it. an imprudent launchlitepay is essentially a litecoin version of bitpay which allows merchants and businesses to accept payments in bitcoin, or in this case litecoin, much easier. according to reports the launch has been postponed and recipients on the litepay mailing list have received emails stating that the intended launch of the service is ‘imprudent’;"due to recent hostile actions by card issuers towards crypto companies, we have decided that offering litepay card registrations at this time is imprudent. we, title=lackluster litepay launch leads to litecoin lag, summary=Litepay Launch Postponed due to ‘Hospital Actions by Card Issuers’, bleu=0.042
summarize:the cryptocurrency ecosystem is always changing and evolving. some of those changes are major surprises, yet often turn out in a positive manner. the decision by binance to launch a new decentralized exchange came as a bit of a shock. at the same time, the company acknowledges their centralized infrastructure isn’t suitable to cope with the current demand. binance surprises the worldno one will deny binance has become one of the biggest cryptocurrency exchanges in the world. their user base has grown significantly over the past six months. as such, their infrastructure needs to be capable of handling this increased pressure. as of right now, it seems the exchange is almost reaching its limit in this regard. while no outages are expected, it is evident things need to be taken to a whole new level pretty soon. doing so is not all that easy these days. for binance, the obvious solution is to embrace a decentralized business model altogether, title=binance chain is exchange’s answer to hacking attempts, summary=Binance Launches a Decentralized Exchange, Says Infrastructure Isn’t Up to the Job, bleu=0.0309
summarize:in a week of already blistering activity, the tron foundation is now bringing trx trading into the currency markets through a deal signed with shift markets. tron now available on fxtrx, which has already been listed on three other exchanges since the mainnet launch less than a week ago, is now available on nine brokerages in nine different countries. the new deal with shift markets will also make the token accessible through the global forex trade markets giving it entry into both the uk and india, increasing the number of its brokers from nine to ten. the new partnership will see the first uk regulated exchange trading trx in the near future while jm financial, one of the leading regulated brokers in india, will have trx on offer next week. ian mcafee, ceo of shift markets was quoted in business wire as saying,"we are excited, title=tron enters global forex markets with latest partnership, summary=tron Foundation Brings trx Trading into the Currency Markets through a Deal with Shift, bleu=0.0338
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is in decline; altcoins getting hit hardest are stellar, vechain, and omisego, only dash on the upthe correction has continued as we end the working week in crypto land. markets have dropped back below $285 billion and most cryptos are in the red again as the bears regain control. bitcoin is one of the few gainers at the time of writing, but only slightly, up 0.8% on the day to $7,450. it has held this level since tuesday whereas its siblings have lost ground. ethereum has dropped a further 3% over the past 24 hours falling back to $465. all other altcoins in the top ten are in the red with stellar taking the biggest hit of 7.5% following its big run over the past week. xlm has pulled back to $0.287 from a weekly high, title=hopes of crypto recovery fade as altcoins lose ground, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoins in the Red, bleu=0.0
summarize:privacy focused cryptocurrency verge has had a rough year. the token literally went to the moon in december when it shot up over 3000% in just ten days. life was good for the developers, the early investors, and those that got on the digital train before it stalled. since those heady heights of around $0.27 (1850 satoshis) xvg has crashed over 90% and lost nearly all of those gains it made so quickly. in an effort to bolster interest in the flagging altcoin the verge community launched a crowd fund contest in order to secure a mystery partnership. in a tweet last week it was claimed to be the "largest partnership in crypto to date!” a big pump often works in the nascent crypto industry and verge finally reversed its downward ways and started with a spike on march 23. since then xvg, title=verge mystery partnership saga deepens, 19 million xvg donated, summary=Cryptocurrency Verge Recovers from Decline as Crowd Funding Contest Launches, bleu=0.0
summarize:it is pertinent for all cryptocurrencies to continue evolving. in the case of zcash, some major network upgrades have been introduced this week. known as the overwinter upgrade, it will bring more positive attention to this altcoin as a whole. the zcash upgrade in a nutshellfor a currency which has been around a while now, zcash has not seen that many big upgrades. rushing proper developments is not the right course of action, as a lot of decision-making is involved in the process. when the network hit block 47500 this week, the overwinter protocol upgrade was officially introduced. it is comprised of a few different aspects which help shape the future of zcash as a whole. first of all, there is an opt-in upgrade. this opt-in option is part of the two-tiered governance model introduced for future zcash, title=zcash (zec) overwinter upgrade introduces democratic development path, summary=zcash’s Overwinter Upgrade Will Help Shape the Future of the Altcoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are still falling, ethereum classic and zcash defying the drop while iota suffers. the bears are still in control as we start another week in crypto land. the selloff which started around two weeks ago has continued unabated as market capitalization drops back down to just over $250 billion equating to a loss of almost $50 billion in just a fortnight. bitcoin has not managed to hold support levels and has continued to slide, falling back around one percent below $7k for the first time since mid-july. btc is currently trading at $6,995 as volume has fallen 17% to $3.7 billion in 24 hours. ethereum has not fared any better but has not made any further losses on the day trading at a similar level of just under $410. the altcoins are pretty mixed but, title=crypto markets lose $50 billion in a fortnight, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Classic and Zcash, bleu=0.0
summarize:bithumb, one of korea’s largest exchanges with a daily volume of $850 million (94,000 btc), has announced the listing of icon (icx), which is being called ‘korean version of ethereum’, to celebrate the launch of bithumb pro. bithumb gives away icon to celebrate launch of bithumb prothrough deliberation of bithumb cryptocurrency deliberative committee, the exchange is launching an icon airdrop from march 21 to march 25, 2018 exclusively for members who trade 1 million won (krw) or more within the event period. the reward date is scheduled on april 6, 2018. the ‘korean version of eth’ will be distributed to market participants based on the sign-up period. recent users, who joined the platform less than six months ago, will be rewarded with only 2 icx. the number grows with, title=icon surges on bithumb airdrop announcement, summary=Bithumb Launches ‘Corean Version of Ethereum’ to Celebrate Launch of Pro, bleu=0.0
summarize:from lithographs to polaroids to vhs, pornography has been a key to pushing forward technology as far back as recorded history. a dirty secret maybe but one that tron founder justin sun must recognize as he has partnered with pornhub. pornhub accepting trx and zcash soonpornhub, which recently made payments available with the cryptocurrency verge (xvg), will now soon be accepting tron’s trx as well as zcash (zec) as payment for all their services. "decentralized payment systems have continued to grow in popularity, and cryptocurrency adoption is exploding across a broad economic spectrum,” pornhub vp corey price said in a statement that went on to add:"today, cryptocurrencies are especially viable in the adult entertainment industry because they are privacy-centric and incorporate more anonym, title=pornhub to accept trx while tron buys bittorrent for $118 million, summary=Pornhub to Accept tron’s trx and zcash as Payments, bleu=0.0406
summarize:fomo moments following the big dip and the hopeful recovery the markets have calmed down a little during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin is hovering just under $8,000 and most of the altcoins have fluctuated plus or minus a couple of percent in the past 24 hours. one has taken a wild ride upwards after losing out more than the others and that is bitcoin’s nemesis, bitcoin cash. according to coinmarketcap bch has jumped 24% on the day. trading this time yesterday at just under a thousand bucks it is up today to $1,240. bitcoin cash lost heavily during the big selloff over the past few weeks. from a monthly high of just under $3,000 it slumped to a low of $780 on february 6 before recovering over 55% to its level today. bitcoin cash has caused a massive rift in, title=morning asian altcoin trading roundup: the leader is bitcoin cash, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Bitcoin Cash Gains 24%, bleu=0.038
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are flat this sunday; altcoins still climbing include bitcoin gold, vechain, chainlink and tenx. another pullback has occurred as markets failed to hold the $300 billion level. most cryptocurrencies are in the red today as previous day’s gains are wiped out. bitcoin has dropped half a percent on the day and is trading at $8,170. over the week it has gained almost 10% since last sunday and the short term trend is bullish. ethereum has retreated just over 1% trading at around $465, over the week eth has made no gains and is trading at the same level. altcoins are mostly in decline with one or two showing a glimmer of green during trading this sunday. stellar is taking the biggest hit in the top ten at the moment after days of gains. xlm is down 2., title=cryptocurrency market update: bitcoin gold performing on sunday, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis for Sunday, bleu=0.0202
summarize:even though the technology has been discussed in tech circles and amongst insiders for years, it is only recently that cryptocurrencies have started making their way into the mainstream. as values of currencies begin to rise, it is hard for investors to keep their eyes off these new digital assets. with bitcoin’s meteoric jump in value over the past couple of years resulting in a price of over $14,000 a token at the end of 2017, a variety of new cryptocurrencies have begun to appear in the market to challenge and compete with the success of the original blockchain based transaction system. the problem many investors find with bitcoin and other altcoins is that they struggle to maintain a consistent value and are almost completely unpredictable as their value relies solely on the supply and demand of tokens. the solution to this volatility, in the minds of many crypto enthusiasts, lies in stablecoins. these alternatives to traditional crypto assets attempt to offer their, title=how trueusd is creating the optimal stablecoin for crypto markets, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Investors Need Alternatives to Traditional Assets, bleu=0.0
summarize:getting paid in bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies makes sense for a lot of people; freelancers tend to benefit from this new form of money. in the sports industry, it seems there is far less interest in cryptocurrency right now. canadian speed skater ted-jan bloemen is a clear exception in this regard. his new sponsorship with ong social ensures he gets paid in the native digital currency. bloemen is also competing at the pyeongchang olympics, which makes this deal even more intriguing. bringing cryptocurrency to the masses will not be easy whatsoever. most people simply don’t care enough about this new form of money. it is rather surprising to find out one of the winter olympics speed skaters is a different breed in this regard. ted-jan bloemen seems merit in digital currencies, partially thanks to a, title=ted-jan bloemen:olympic speed skater lands crypto sponsorship, summary=ted-jan bloemen to Get Paid in Cryptocurrency at Pyeongchang olympics, bleu=0.0839
summarize:following reports in march, chinese mining rig manufacturer bitmain has officially announced the release of the antminer e3, an application specific integrated circuit (asic) engineered for mining ethereum. these new asic miners should alleviate some of the pressure that the graphics processing unit (gpu) market currently faces, but many in the cryptosphere fear that the move will drastically increase mining centralization. mining with gpusat the beginning of last year when ethereum was on the up, the gpu market started to feel the brunt of the excitement, and by mid-year gpu prices had begun to spiral out of control. to date, gamers across the globe are still feeling the "ethereum effect,” with graphics cards selling for far more than msrp — if they are even able to be found at all. it used to be possible to mine, title=bitmain’s asic for ethereum mining is here, some in community considering a hard fork to render the rig obsolete, summary=Bitmain Releases Asic Mining Rig for Ethereum Mining, bleu=0.0123
summarize:alibaba group holding ltd. has filed a trademark lawsuit against alibabacoin foundation, a dubai-based firm that raised over us$3.5 million through its initial coin offering. alibabacoin accused of misleading consumers in lawsuit filed by alibabain a complaint filed in us district court in manhattan, the chinese e-commerce multinational with a market cap of $424 billion, claims that alibabacoin foundation’s "prominent, repeated, and intentionally misleading” use of its trademarks is intended to confuse consumers and investors to think alibabacoin is affiliated with or endorsed by alibaba, according to reuters. the company behind alibabacoin has not responded to requests for comment. alibaba accuses alibabacoin of using its "single-, title=alibaba files trademark lawsuit against alibabacoin, summary=alibaba Files Trademark Suit against a dubai-based Cryptocurrency Firm, bleu=0.0567
summarize:a crypto enthusiast who took out a six-figure loan to purchase cryptocurrencies has seen them lose almost 85% of their value. investment lost with neo, stellar, litecoin, ethereum, and otherson monday, reddit user "cryptohomie,” a 32-year-old living in abu dhabi, uae, posted a photo of his bank repayment schedule to the cryptocurrency subreddit, according to news.com.au. the photo shows a document from emirates islamic bank that lists monthly repayments of 8,194 dirham ($3,067) until december 14, 2021. the original loan is listed as 338,000 dirham ($126,500) with a total outstanding amount of 393,296 dirham ($147,200) including interest."here is my bank installment related to the loan i, title=cryptohomie who spent almost $150,000 on altcoins sees 85% loss, summary=‘Cryptohomie’ Loses 85% of his Cryptocurrency Investment, bleu=0.067
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets have stabilized a little over the past day or two and there is more green than red on the board during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin has been flat for a couple of days and has still not recovered to the $7,000 level. it has been consolidating over the past few hours so maybe a bullish breakout is imminent. altcoins have been recovering slightly and ethereum has made some gains over the past 24 hours, passing $400 once again. the leading altcoin in the top 25 this morning is ontology. according to coinmarketcap ont is trading 18.5% higher today and leading the altcoin pack once again. it is the second time in a week we have featured this newcomer to the crypto sphere and this morning it is faring well trading at $4.5 up from $3.73 this time yesterday. looking at the weekly chart on, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top is altcoin ontology, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Ontology, bleu=0.058
summarize:fomo momentsa red start for the weekend in crypto land; altcoins falling heavily are dash, cardano, monero and nem, only vechain is climbinganticipation of a quantifiable recovery for crypto markets has faded as we enter the weekend. the selloff has continued and the rally appears to have been another blip in a lengthening bear market. total market capitalization has fallen below $280 billion and looks to be heading further south. after holding steady at $7,400 for a few days bitcoin has fallen back by 1.7% to $7,320. further declines could see btc dropping below $7k again and into dangerous territory. likewise with ethereum however it has remained stable over the past 24 hours with no further losses, trading at $460. predictably the altcoins are all in the red for the third day though today, title=bears regain control as crypto selloff continues, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: Altcoins in the Red for the Third Day, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is moving nicely above the $30-31 support area against the us dollar. there are two bullish trend lines forming with support at $31.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair might continue to rise toward the $35.00 level as long as it is above $30.00. ethereum classic price is moving higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is stable above $30.00 and is eyeing more upsides toward $35.00. ethereum classic price supportthere was a steady rise in etc price above the $26.00 pivot against the us dollar. the price gained momentum and was able to move above the $30.00 and $34.00 resistance levels. a high was formed at $34.96 from where a downside correction wave was initiated. etc has moved below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Moving Higher, bleu=0.0446
summarize:bitcoin gold has been an interesting social experiment. this hard fork of bitcoin had some high ambitions at first. several months down the line, it seems things look a lot worse for wear. with one individual controlling most of the network, the ecosystem is facing a serious threat. solving this matter has proven to be rather difficult. the bitcoin gold network issuesin the world of cryptocurrency, several key issues can affect any network. the so-called 51% attack is perhaps one of the worst scenarios for developers to deal with. it effectively means someone controls the majority of the blockchain’s processing power. as such, transactions, payments, and day-to-day operations are all severely affected. in the case of bitcoin gold, the person controlling the network has nefarious intentions. being able to tamper with transactions can cause all sorts of problems. this is especially true for mining pools, exchanges, and wallet providers dealing with bitcoin, title=bitcoin gold network still suffering over a week after attack, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchanges and Mining Pools Face a Major Threat from 51% Attack, bleu=0.0309
summarize:despite the fact that her industry brings in billions of dollars per year, polly rodriguez, founder of online sex shop unbound, and her peers, have faced a lot of flak from banks and credit-card companies. "when you get labeled as an adult company, you get blacklisted, effectively,” rodriguez said. "the moment you put it into code and take out the subjective moral judgment, it’s a shift.”many established financial firms consider sex-toy sellers high risk, lumping them in with businesses such as escort services and pornography websites, which can sometimes flirt with illegality. and credit-card companies are also wary of chargebacks, which happen when a cardholder claims a transaction is fraudulent. in the quest for freedom from these complications, some adult companies are cheering the rise of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and the other digital, title=online sex shops are hoping to revolutionize industry with crypto, summary=online sex shop unbound founder: “When you get labeled as an adult company, you’re blacklisted”, bleu=0.0457
summarize:billions of dollars are traded on major cryptocurrency exchanges like binance, huobi, bithumb, and okex on a daily basis, and users tend to prefer these exchanges over other platforms in the market due to their high liquidity. binance for instance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, settles more than $1.8 billion worth of cryptocurrency trades per day, and it is processing $370 million worth of bitcoin trades alone. but, in order to trade on these platforms with reasonable trading limits and flexibility, users are required to undergo a rigorous know your customer (kyc) and anti-money laundering (aml) verification process, during which users have to submit relevant government-issued documents like passports, carry out face-to-face interviews, and provide bank documents. vulnerabilityfor cryptocurrency-only exchanges like binance and huobi, kyc and aml requirements for users are significantly, title=centralized vs decentralized cryptocurrency exchanges: vulnerability of most trading platforms, summary=Binance, huobi, Bithumb, and okex: Cryptocurrency Exchanges Require Users to Pass KYC and Aml, bleu=0.0215
summarize:fomo momentsthe markets are nudging slowly higher during this morning’s asian trading session. confidence has gradually returned and we have had a few days without the usual mainstream media fud storm. as the region builds up to the chinese new year holiday weekend things are expected to cool off a little. bitcoin has held its ground over $8,500 and is currently up 3% on the day. looking at the rest of the altcoins a new contender has surged into the top 25 – u. cashflying up the chart this unknown altcoin is up 74% on the day and a whopping 2100% in the past two days. it is currently trading at $0.18 from less than $0.008 just a few days ago in what appears to be an epic pump. this influx of investment has propelled its market capacity to over $1.5 billion and into 21st place, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: the top crypto is u.cash, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS, NEO, IOTA, S&P 500, bleu=0.0144
summarize:fomo momentsthe bears have full control and crypto markets are sliding further again today. with almost $20 billion shaved off in 24 hours things are looking grim in crypto land. bitcoin is falling dangerously close to $6,000 and altcoins are getting punished as usual. btc has declined a further 4.3% on the day to $6,580 and eth has fared even worse dropping 7% to $495. there is a sea of red across the boards during this morning’s asian trading session and there are no gainers in the top 100 altcoins. total market capitalization has collapsed another 6% over the past 24 hours dropping to $282 billion. trade volume has remained steady at around $15 billion. the fall marks the lowest point in total market cap since april 12. it is shaping up to be the third time markets have dropped to these lows and it, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: chance of a third bounce, or new low looming, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top 100 Altcoins Lose 6% in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0265
summarize:bitcoin cash has soared in value over the past few days. to some people, this appears to be a clear artificial inflation of the price. even though it is a fork of bitcoin, bch seems to have found its place in the market. with antpool now "burning” some of the profits generated by the pool, price manipulation accusations are not hard to come by. the bitcoin cash price surgeover the past ten days, all cryptocurrencies have soared in value. one of the biggest gainers is none other than bitcoin cash. to some "experts”, this is a clear manipulation effort by the bch team and its supporters. especially antpool is being singled out as a bch price manipulator due to their most recent strategy. more specifically, the mining pool is burning some of its profits to reduce the amount of new tokens brought into circulation. doing so is nothing illegal, title=bitcoin cash profit burning by antpool triggers price pump, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Soaring as Mining Pool Burns Profits, bleu=0.0
summarize:when the common goal is the same, in this case financial decentralization, collaboration can often help to achieve it faster. makerdao and omisego have teamed up to consolidate their roadmaps towards achieving a financial revolution. omg and maker going forward togetherannouncements came from both teams yesterday confirming the partnership and continued efforts to work towards their common objective. maker, a decentralized autonomous organization (dao), offers a cryptocurrency, dai, which is price stabilized against the us dollar in a similar way that tether is. the dai stablecoin system is a decentralized platform that runs on the ethereum blockchain, and its creators seek to minimize price volatility. omisego is a currency-agnostic decentralized exchange which will allow users the freedom to exchange and manage any digitized asset. there have already been a number, title=omisego and makerdao collaborating for a decentralized financial future, summary=omisego, makerdao and a Decentralized Exchange Consolidate Roadmap to Financial Revolution, bleu=0.0479
summarize:thankfully, the noxious love-a-thon that is valentine’s day is now out of the way for another twelve months. the hallmark holiday once again drummed up suitable trade for restaurants, jewellers, and purveyors of assorted heart-shaped tat across the planet. no doubt after being indoctrinated into making the most flamboyant display of affection possible, countless blokes got down on one knee to ask their nearest and dearest to spend the rest of their life with them. we all know how it’ll end up. a few years of feigned marital bliss shortly followed by an endless messy divorce. he takes the car and the dog. she gets the house and the kids. but what about the crypto? quarrelling couples are finding the lack of regulation surrounding bitcoin and other digital currencies a particular headache when it comes to dividing, title=divorce dispute: couple fights over $830k of bitcoin, summary=valentine’s Day is over, but what about the crypto?, bleu=0.0375
summarize:petro, the cryptocurrency launched by the government of venezuela in february 2018, is being considered by russia as a means of international transactions, according to the venezuelan foreign ministry. venezuelan-backed cryptocurrency could be used by russiaa russian-venezuelan high-level intergovernmental meeting taking place in caracas is discussing a number of issues, including bilateral cooperation in the military area, railroad projects in venezuela, and food production. according to officials of the venezuelan foreign ministry, the bolivarian government of venezuela is adding the cryptocurrency petro to the conversation. the meeting aims at strengthening the alliance between the two countries and the strategic partnerships between key companies, such as the petromonagas project between russian energy company rosneft and petroleos de venezuela, title=russia in talks with venezuela to use ‘el petro’, summary=russia Considers venezuelan Cryptocurrency Petro for International Transactions, bleu=0.0487
summarize:a lot of people made a lot of money out of bitcoin. most of them invested in the early stages many years ago and sold recently near the top. industry experts are predicting the next big thing may not be bitcoin but ripple. the company has made a lot of news lately with new partnerships and adoption across the financial industry. but could it really be bigger than bitcoin? a number to crypto experts were recently interviewed by forbes during which they predicted that ripple and its cryptocurrency, xrp, could be the thing to invest in now. one prediction is that larger gains would be possible due to its low price below a dollar. bitcoin is already trading at around $10,000 so to go up significantly from there it will need a lot of in-flowing cash. ripple already has a foot in the doorwith ripple’s faster transaction speeds and lower fees it offers an easier way for financial institutions to embrace the digital currency, and over a, title=will ripple be bigger than bitcoin? experts say yes, summary=Crypto Experts Say Ripple Could Be the Next Big Thing, bleu=0.0
summarize:anything goes in the cryptoland, so much so that an altcoin created as a parody has just reached a billion dollar market capacity. dogecoin was created in 2013, its mascot is a japanese shiba inu dog made popular by an internet meme dating back eight years. the dog it seems has broken off its leash after being largely left behind last year as other altcoins too center stage. defying its creator’s belief, doge has risen 900% in the past six weeks from $0.001 to its current high of $0.01. what is more astounding is that it has surpassed the billion dollar market capacity which puts it just behind russian crypto platform waves in the market cap charts. over $120 million has been traded in doge in the past 24 hours according to coinmarketcap. jackson palmer, the founder of the cryptocurrency who left the, title=dogecoin woofs at moon with a billion dollars, summary=Doge surpasses a Billion Dollar Market Cap, bleu=0.0569
summarize:with all cryptocurrency markets tanking in value, it is evident there will be some big changes. more specifically, some currencies are all but crashing to the ground as we speak. bitconnect, the infamous ponzi scheme, is finally meeting its demise, by the look of things. thanks to the recent price declines, the value of bcc dropped by over 80%. moreover, the native exchange has closed its doors and the subreddit is turned to private. good riddance, according to many cryptocurrency enthusiasts. it was only a matter of time until bitconnect would finally collapse. thousands of people bought into this scam and some of them may have even made money. most users, however, probably never got their money out of this program whatsoever. that is only normal, as over 95% of all trades were conducted on the native bcc exchange. when a currency’s developers also run the main exchange, title=the bitconnect ponzi scheme finally collapsed – scam becomes evident, summary=Bitconnect, the Ponzi Scheme, is finally Meeting Its Demise, bleu=0.0446
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are hurting, altcoins getting hit hardest are eos, tezos, vechain and ontology. power ledger is on top. markets are in pain once again as the bears keep the pressure on for another day. over $12 billion has left the crypto space and market capitalization has plummeted again back to just over $250 billion. bitcoin is holding key support at $6,400 and has lost 3.8% on the day to trade at just below this level. further losses could be imminent if btc falls below $6,400 where it is currently consolidating. ethereum has lost another 4.4% resulting in a fall to $440, downward signals are showing on the charts. every altcoin in the top 30 is in the red some declining by double figures. the biggest loser in the top ten is eos once again, title=cryptocurrency trading update: bears bash markets by another $12 billion, summary=eos, vechain, Ontology, Stellar Lumens: Altcoins in Pain, bleu=0.0339
summarize:authorities in a city in the state of new york are considering taking action against cryptocurrency mining. plattsburgh attracts commercial miners thanks to their cheap power supplies. however, officials there believe the drain the activity places on the grid could be unfairly increasing the cost to other citizens of the city. cheap hydroelectricity limited in plattsburghthe reason cryptocurrency miners have decided to set up shop in plattsburgh is that the city benefits from some of the cheapest power in the entire us. this is thanks to their membership in the municipal electric utility association. since the 1950s, the st. lawrence river has been producing hydroelectric power and plattsburgh receives a share of the low-cost power. previously, the city claimed to have the lowest power rates in the entire nation. however, when the inexpensive electricity runs out, plattsburgh are forced to buy in power on the open market. the, title=could plattsburgh, new york be the first to ban cryptocurrency mining?, summary=New York City Takes Action against Cryptocurrency Mining, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentscryptos are in pain today; stellar, cardano, vechain, and tezos in a world of hurt. the bears have a stranglehold on markets once again and they have plummeted overnight. total market capitalization has dropped closer to $260 billion as another $14 billion got wiped out of crypto in just 18 hours. bitcoin could not hold support and has dropped 3.5% on the day to $7,380. its market dominance remains at the same level of 48.5% which means all of the other cryptocurrencies are crashing even harder. ethereum has fallen back to november 2017 levels of just over $400, a 2.4% decline on the day. many of the altcoins have been hit so hard that they have gone back to prices seen this time last year. looking at the top ten on coinmarketcap shows that stellar has taken the, title=red friday for crypto as markets shed another $14 billion, summary=Bitcoin, Cardano, vechain, and tezos are in a World of Pain, bleu=0.0
summarize:united arab emirates-based onegram is issuing a gold-backed cryptocurrency in attempts to convince muslims that investing in cryptocurrencies complies with their faith. islam and cryptocurrencythe growing global interest in cryptocurrencies naturally extends into the gulf and southeast asia, the main centers of islamic finance. but because cryptocurrencies and associated technologies are products of financial engineering and objects of speculation, the coins don’t fit particularly well with the religion. this is because sharia principles, in addition to not permitting interest payments, emphasize real economic activity based on physical assets, not speculation. in attempts to sway the debate, cryptocurrency startups are looking to launch instruments backed by physical assets and thereby certified as valid by islamic advisors. case in point: in order to attempt to limit speculation, each onegram cryptocurrency unit is backed by at least a gram of physical gold, title=united arab emirates: onegram, gold-backed cryptocurrency that complies with sharia law, summary=Onegram Issues Gold-Backed Cryptocurrency to Convince muslims to Invest in cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0
summarize:is the close correlation between crypto coin prices in the current market simply a sign of hodlers clinging to their assets and only conservatively trading when all signs point to yes, or the result of larger forces at work manipulating the market? extreme correlation since februarytwitter analyst cryptorae recently posted a long thread using a method of cross coin correlation to examine the how close the peaks and troughs of cryptocurrencies have become across the graph. in the thread, cryptorae explains the formula for calculating cross coin correlation or ccc "by averaging the correlation for every coin pair in a set". the thread then explains that this shows how all the coins of concern have behaved over a period of time with one clean charted line. for instance below is the cross-correlation for 25 coins since january 2017. you calculate ccc, title=is crypto price correlation the result of fomo or market manipulation, summary=Cryptocurrency Analyst explains How to Calculate Cross-Coin Correlation, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsthis biggest one day dump this year, ethereum, xrp, bitcoin cash, eos and cardano dropping double digitsthe crypto winter is getting colder as markets tanked yet again over night to a new 2018 low. total market capitalization plunged below $200 billion and kept going to reach its lowest level since the end of october 2017. bitcoin briefly dipped below $6k once again and is holding the level just above it. with a loss of 6.5% on the day btc is down to $6,050 and poised for further declines. trade volume has dropped from $6.6 billion to just over $5 billion at the time of writing. ethereum has crashed, taking an epic nosedive of 17.5% to trade at $265. this puts it back to mid-2017 price ranges when sentiment was largely bullish., title=crypto markets hit another 2018 low, is it the bottom for ethereum?, summary=ethereum, xrp, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS and Litecoin Price Watch, bleu=0.0241
summarize:following news of an asic mining rig from bitmain, as well as similar products in development from three other chinese companies, ethereum prices have dropped over $100, well below their one-week high of $585. an asic, or application-specific integrated circuit, is a chip that is created with the specific and sole purpose of mining a single cryptocurrency. according to susquehanna analyst christopher rolland, china-based bitmain — the largest producer of mining rigs that use asics — is just months away from shipping the first miners compatible with ethash, the proof-of-work (pow) hashing algorithm used by ethereum, as well as a variety of other cryptocurrencies."during our travels through asia last week, we confirmed that bitmain has already developed an asic for mining ethereum, and, title=news of bitmain’s new asic for mining negatively impacts ethereum’s price, summary=ethereum Price Drops Over $100 as Bitmain Launches Asic Mining Rig, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency mining has been an interesting industry for amd and nvidia. the former has noted a strong earnings increase, although they remain wary of this industry. especially with all cryptocurrencies losing value, the manufacturer isn’t too concerned about the future demand for new gpus. putting wall street investors’ minds at ease is a top priority for the company right now. amd’s position in the gpu mining industrylast year and early 2018 have been rather profitable for gpu manufacturers. with a lot of consumers attempting to mine cryptocurrency, demand for graphics cards has soared. for companies such as amd and nvidia, this created a rather unexpected windfall. with gpu sales through the roof in late 2017, both companies saw a positive end to the fiscal year. in q of 2018, however, the cryptocurrency craze has quieted down quite, title=major chip maker amd’s revenues surge due to cryptocurrency mining, summary=gpu manufacturers amd and nvidia aren’t too concerned about the cryptocurrency mining industry, bleu=0.0618
summarize:top performing cryptocurrencies in february were digixdao, omisego, ethereum classic and litecoin. the biggest losers were nem, cardano, stellar lumens and eos. another month has passed in crypto land and it is time to review the winners and losers over the past four weeks. a lot has happened in february and looking back at the top performing cryptocurrencies plus those that have lost out may give us an indication of what is to come in march. looking at the bigger picture the entire market capacity for all crypto currencies on the first of february was around $510 billion. at the end of the month it has fallen by almost 9% to $465 billion. the big slump of february 6 created the lowest point crypto market capacity has been since november 26 when it fell below $280 billion. on the up side since then it has, title=end of month roundup: february’s cryptocurrency winners and losers, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Drops 9% to $465 Billion in February, bleu=0.0
summarize:another major partnership has been announced by the iota foundation. after successfully partnering with other major names, a new development is on the horizon. norway’s dnb has signed a memorandum of understanding with the iota foundation. the main objective is to explore new use cases involving iota’s tangle technology. dnb asa explores blockchainstrategic partnerships are the key to taking blockchain and cryptocurrency mainstream. in the case of the iota foundation, promotion of the native tangle technology is one of the main points of focus. this technology has attracted the attention of dnb asa in norway. they are the largest financial services group in the country and a key player in the nordic financial ecosystem. over the past few months, dnb asa has looked into blockchain technology through the, title=iota partners with norway’s biggest financial group, causing price to surge, summary=Norway’s dnb Signs Memorandum of Understanding with iota Foundation, bleu=0.0406
summarize:ibm is exploring the use of a ‘stablecoin’ to facilitate fast and secure payments within the financial services sector. the tech giant has teamed up with institutional asset management platform stronghold, which is federally insured by the bank prime trust, to test a cryptocurrency that is pegged to the u. s. dollar. ibm announces the use of federally backed ‘stablecoin’ stronghold usd‘stablecoins’ have been around for quite some time now, usually being backed by one u. s. dollar for each token issued. tether, which was originally named realcoin in 2014 by co-founders brock pierce (block.one) and stanley hainsworth, is the most famous example of pegging a digital coin to a fiat currency and the largest one by market capitalization., title=ibm backs ‘stablecoin’ stronghold usd for fast and secure financial payments, summary=ibm to Test ‘Stablecoin’ to Facilitate Fast and Secure Payments, bleu=0.0452
summarize:in efforts to fight against the volatility that comes with most cryptocurrencies, a group of famed economists and financial innovators have plans to create "the first non-anonymous blockchain-based digital currency,” called saga (sga). saga is being developed by the saga foundation, a swiss non-profit established last year that is dedicated to developing new technologies in open and decentralized software. the saga token’s purported stability is intended to make it useful as a unit of account and a means of exchange. to ensure this low volatility, saga will employ methods from traditional finance: the organization will use a fractional reserve method — similar to what traditional banks use — and deposit reserves in regulated banks. further, saga will be pegged to the imf’s special drawing right (sdr), an international reserve asset that is comprised, title=“saga” token will employ methods from traditional finance in attempts to combat volatility, summary=saga to be the First Non-Anonymous Blockchain-Based Digital Currency, bleu=0.0306
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is moving slowly; altcoins gaining today include bitcoin diamond, nem, bitcoin gold, and holo. monday morning in crypto land is a positive one for bitcoin as markets have made more gains since the selloff last week. total market capitalization has climbed back above $285 billion and is inching towards $290 billion once again. bitcoin is dominating at the moment and leading the charge with a 3.3% gain on the day to $7,690. since last monday btc has made over 18% in gains climbing from around $6,500, the next target for crypto’s big daddy is $8k. ethereum has not fared as well there has been no movement in eth since yesterday, it is still hovering around the $465 level and facing key resistance at $470. altcoins are a mixed bunch at the, title=more spikes for bitcoin diamond with another 50% pump, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS, NEO, IOTA: Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Moving Slowly, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin gold price is currently under pressure and is trading below the $250 support against the us dollar. there is a crucial ascending channel forming with current support at $240 on the hourly chart of btg/usd (data feed from bitfinex). the pair is attempting a downside break below the $240 and $230 support levels. bitcoin gold price is showing a few bearish signs from $275 against the us dollar. btg/usd may decline further toward the $225 level. bitcoin gold price declinethere was a minor upside wave in bitcoin gold price above the $260 level against the us dollar. the price traded above the $270 level, but failed to gain traction above $275. later, a fresh downside wave was initiated and the price moved below the $260 and $250 support levels. at the moment, the price is testing the $240 support level and is struggling to, title=bitcoin gold price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Gold Price Technical Analysis – btg/usd Testing $240, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsmarket decline has slowed but eos, vechain, cardano, and ethereum classic are still suffering. the rout has not continued over the past 24 hours and crypto land seems to have found a level where markets have settled. this is just above $270 billion in terms of total market capitalization, however the outlook is still bearish. bitcoin has made marginal moves higher but is still around the same level it was trading at this time yesterday. btc resides at $7,650 at the time of writing and technical signals indicate that it could move higher to test the $7,850 resistance level. ethereum has not fared so well and has continued to fall, dropping 1.4% to $420. most of the altcoins are also still falling according to coinmarketcap stats this morning. in the top ten eos and cardano, title=cryptocurrency market update: altcoins continue to slide, summary=eos, vechain, Cardano, and Litecoins Still Falling, bleu=0.0
summarize:blockchain intelligence platform chainanalysis revealed in november that 20% of bitcoin currently in circulation has been lost at a value of about $25 billion. on may 11, bitstamp used this data to advocate for offline storage and argue that this puts an upward pressure on the price. bitstamp: "that makes bitcoin even scarcer”the data shows that around 20% of the circulating supply is inaccessible or has been destroyed. the price of a cryptocurrency depends on the ratio between buyers and sellers. if there is much more supply than demand, the price lowers and vice versa. as such a large percentage of the circulating supply is unable to be sold, there is less supply-side pressure. in theory, this adds momentum to the price rising. bitstamp said: "all of these losses could easily be avoided if people behaved with the same vigilance when storing bitcoin as we do with traditional assets,, title=bitstamp reminds users of the $25 billion lost bitcoin to encourage strong security measures, summary=Bittamp: 20% of Bitcoin in circulation has been lost at $25 Billion, bleu=0.0625
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is stagnant, a few altcoins are afloat; zilliqa, ethereum classic, icon and bytom. markets have remained stable today, which could be considered a good thing because they haven’t plunged any further. there has been very little momentum in the way of a recovery indicating that further losses are likely. total market capitalization is still below $250 billion with little signs of a rebound. bitcoin has remained flat on the day, trading at the same level it was this time yesterday, around $6,100. trade volume for btc has declined marginally from $3.4 billion to $3.2 billion and market cap is hovering around $105 billion. bitcoin dipped to $6k suddenly a few hours ago but found support and did not slide further. ethereum has had a tough week and has not moved, title=cryptocurrency market update: zilliqa (zil) spurts on new exchange listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Classic, Icon and Bytom afloat, bleu=0.0263
summarize:when crypto markets plunge towards another monthly low some assets will fare better than others. as usual big daddy bitcoin has led the way and when it shed 14% over night the outlook for all others appeared grimmer. ethereum has fared badly this time falling harder and faster than usual. ethereum, which usually fares well during major downturns, has taken a particularly painful slide over the past couple of days. this could well be a result of the ico and crypto advertising bans by internet monopolies facebook and google. eth has also become the second cryptocurrency of choice for trading altcoins after bitcoin so when panic selling on altcoins overwhelms the markets, ethereum will suffer. ethereum ico boost slowsethereum has been the platform of choice for the majority of icos over the past year. when they are heavily regulated ethereum, title=ethereum battered on ico regulation and ad ban, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEO, Ether: Technical Analysis – ethereum fares badly, bleu=0.0165
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are receding again; eos and tezos falling, iota and lisk staying afloat. in a pattern we have witnessed countless times this year the market rally could not be sustained and cryptos have dumped again. red dominates the boards this morning as total market capitalization wipes out the last few days’ gains and drops back below $215 billion. bitcoin has remained stable and has not dropped with the rest of the altcoins. it is still trading at $6,470, the same level it has been at for the past couple of days. consequently btc market dominance has crept up again to 52.6% as its brethren suffers. ethereum has been kicked again dropping 3.6% back to $285, its lowest level for almost a year. the altcoins are all, title=no recovery for crypto markets as altcoins dump again, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether: Technical Analysis – XRP, BTC, IOTA, S&P 500, bleu=0.0
summarize:in october last year, russia heavy-handedly clamped down on cryptocurrencies by blocking public access to exchange websites. the move was a strong indication that the putin administration was unsupportive of the burgeoning industry however recent news suggests otherwise. the financial times reported yesterday that the kremlin was working on its own cryptocurrency in order to circumvent western sanctions. as state-run institutions rush to embrace blockchain technology putin has commissioned a team to start working on their own cryptorouble. according to the report economic advisor to president putin, sergei galzev, stated;"this instrument suits us very well for sensitive activity on behalf of the state. we can settle accounts with our counterparties all over the world with no regard for sanctions. the cryptocurrency would be the same rouble, but its circulation would be restricted in a certain way”the russian government was ordered to come up, title=russia to launch cryptorouble to evade sanctions, summary=kremlin is working on its own cryptocurrency to circumvent sanctions, bleu=0.0499
summarize:ripple, the blockchain-based payments company and creator of the xrp crypto coin, wants to invest in startups and technology companies to develop more uses for xrp. ripple ceo announces startup investment strategyxrp is only behind bitcoin and ethereum based on market cap, with a total of $30.5 billion as of writing, about half of ethereum and a fifth of bitcoin. having peaked to $128 billion market cap during the cryptocurrency rush in late 2017, xrp lost value in the subsequent market crash and has also come under fire for a perceived lack of use as it attracts only cross-border payment services as customers. brad garlinghouse, chief executive officer of ripple spoke to techcrunch on the sidelines of money2020 in singapore:"we, ripple, will stay focused on solving that institutional use case, but we would certainly partner with companies that are looking to, title=ripple invests in startups that adopt xrp, summary=Ripple Wants to Invest in Startups and Technology to Develop More Uses for xrp, bleu=0.0338
summarize:roger ver is quite an intriguing and somewhat controversial figure in the cryptocurrency world. as a notorious early bitcoin investor, he has also kept close tabs on other currencies. during a recent interview, roger mentioned how ethereum will eventually overtake bitcoin. a remarkable thought, even though bitcoin is not without flaws by any means. roger ver sees little future for bitcoinin the world of cryptocurrency, virtually everyone knows the name roger ver. he is one of the earliest bitcoin investors and made a lot of good money doing so. he is also a very strong [financial] supporter of the bitcoin cash venture. this bitcoin hard fork has made quite the impact on the overall cryptocurrency market in recent months. diversification is key in the world of cryptocurrency, as there is a lot more to check out than just bitcoin. unsurprisingly, roger ver is not too, title=roger ver says ethereum may overtake bitcoin in market cap, summary=roger ver: ethereum Will Overtake Bitcoin, and Bitcoin Cash Could Be Coming Soon, bleu=0.0582
summarize:government agencies all over the world scrutinize icos and their associated tokens. the sec is an excellent example of the most recent developments taking place. chairman jay clayton is seemingly convinced all tokens will be subject to regulation. that may prove impossible to enforce. jay clayton has a unique viewsec chairman jay clayton wants to regulate all tokens in the cryptocurrency industry. in his opinion, any security labeling itself as a token will be scrutinized quite significantly. that in itself is not necessarily bad, as a lot of tokens are effectively securities first and foremost. as such, they need to be treated as such and be subjected to the existing financial regulation. sec chrmn jay clayton tonight at #wsjcfo conf: "it made me unhappy that people thought that by calling it a #token it was somehow exempt from regulation. let me, title=sec chairman: tokens are not exempt from regulation, expresses discomfort, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Watch: ICOs, Tokens to Be Regulated, bleu=0.0409
summarize:fomo momentsmore big declines today; stellar, vechain and iota losing a lot, bitcoin diamond the only winner. a predictable market dump has occurred following the us sec’s decision to deny nine further bitcoin etf proposals. this news has not been unexpected so the slump just highlights how immature crypto markets still are. roughly $14 billion was dumped out of cryptocurrencies as total market capitalization dropped below $210 billion a few hours ago. bitcoin has dropped almost 3.8% on the day back to $6,440 and trade volume has dipped below $4 billion. btc is back to the same level this time last thursday wiping out all gains it made yesterday. ethereum, which was already getting hammered, has fallen even further, losing 4% to trade at $275. as expected the altcoins are all in the red this, title=another predictable crypto market dump drops $14 billion, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Oculus Rift: Market Dump, bleu=0.0
summarize:the number of use cases for blockchain is quite substantial. it is evident there are a lot of opportunities waiting to be explored. amalto sa and consensys are teaming up for a new joint venture. the goal is to use the ethereum blockchain to automate ticket-based processes of oil and gas. it is a pretty interesting concept well worth looking into. this new venture will be known as ondiflo and aims to revolutionize the energy industry as a whole. using the ethereum blockchain for oil and gas-related services makes a lot of sense. both amalto sa and consensys are confident this venture will be successful. as of right now, the ticketing-based processes in these industries are time-consuming and cumbersome. a more streamlined and simplified solution is of great interest to all parties involved. ondiflo, title=major oil company is using ethereum blockchain to process gas, summary=Amalto sa and Consensys Team Up to Use Ethereum to Automate Oil and Gas Tickets, bleu=0.0263
summarize:numerous versions of bitcoin have been created throughout the years. rather than choosing completely new names for these currencies, there are different bitcoin-themed clones on the market. according to weiss cryptocurrency ratings, all of these clones have one common aspect. they are all flawed in different ways, albeit bitcoin itself is not perfect either. the bitcoin clones arrive on the scenemultiple iterations of bitcoin exist as their own separate cryptocurrencies right now. we have bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold, bitcoin private, bitcoin diamond, and several others. while all of these coins are based on bitcoin, they also inherit some of the native flaws found in this cryptocurrency. bitcoin, while a first mover, struggles with upgrades, slow transactions, and rather high fees at peak times. for all of those flaws, the original bitcoin also offers some advantages. it has a global recognition no other cryptocurrency can offer right now. this, title=flawed forks: bitcoin clones not considered worthy by weiss, summary=weiss Crypto Ratings: There Are Different Bitcoin Clones on the Market, bleu=0.0403
summarize:a bright future looms ahead for all cryptocurrencies in the coming years. especially ethereum seems to be having a pretty good day today. with the price up by over 14%, it is evident the community anticipates some big changes. with sharding and casper on the horizon, this sentiment is more than warranted. it is still up to the developers to deliver on their initial promises. that may prove to be rather difficult, although things are progressing nicely on the testnet. the year 2017 has been pretty solid for ethereum. more specifically the price surpassed $1,000 for the first time last year. ensuring this momentum carries over into the future will be rather challenging. like any other cryptocurrency in the world, ethereum needs to keep evolving over time. new features will be introduced in the near future. two of the biggest developments are known as sharding and casper. big changes are, title=eth price rises by 15% amid anticipation of major scaling solutions, summary=ethereum Price Rises 14% as Developers Expect Big Changes, bleu=0.0344
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is healing slowly, stellar doing well, tezos getting hammeredthe weekend bottom seems to have been found and markets are holding just above it at the moment. there has been no clear indication of a recovery as total capitalization has inched up only marginally over the past 24 hours. bitcoin has held the $6,400 support level and has made 2% on the day to climb to $6,480. volume has jumped from $4 to $6.6 billion which is a bullish signal for btc. the same cannot be said for ethereum which is still languishing around the $320 level, its lowest this year, and showing no positive signs at all. the altcoins are predominantly in the green at the moment, clawing back a little from those massive dumps over the weekend. once again it is stellar that is showing the most gains when markets, title=stellar (xlm) gains as crypto markets lift from bottom, summary=Bitcoin, EOS, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Technical Analysis – tezos Still in the Green, bleu=0.0
summarize:users of ledger hardware wallets have taken to popular social news forum reddit to voice complaints about a sudden lack of functionality with bitcoin cash. according to reports, many ledger owneres are struggling to transact with bch whilst others can’t even see their balance at all. ledger’s bitcoin cash users worry about two day outagenot surprisingly, those ledger hardware wallet users who want to store bitcoin’s most popular hard fork to date are starting to freak out. many have taken to reddit for answers. one post to the official ledger subreddit read:"i recently trasfered all my btc, eth, and ltc from coinbase to my nano s. this all went fine. however when i tried to send my bch, the transfer went through but the balance is still 0 on the ledger wallet., title=ledger users complain about sudden lack of bitcoin cash support, summary=Ledger Hardware Users Take to Reddit to Express Concerns About Bitcoin Cash Outage, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentscrypto land is in the red again, cardano, nem and bytecoin getting hit. steem and syscoin on the upthe rally did not last long and a pullback has occurred dropping crypto markets once again. total market cap has dropped back below $270 billion and is in danger of falling further as confidence wanes and the bears grow in strength. bitcoin has declined 2.3% on the day and fallen back towards the support level of $6,400. btc currently trades at closer to $6,500 but it is in an ascending channel so buyers could be waiting. ethereum has also fallen back, trading 4.3% down at the moment around $460. as usual altcoins have taken a bigger hit, most of them wiping out their gains over the past few days. cardano is taking the biggest beating in the top ten,, title=crypto rally runs out of steam but steem is green, summary=Cardano, nem and ethereum are all in the red as altcoins take a big hit, bleu=0.0
summarize:it was widely reported yesterday that the planet’s second richest man, bill gates, is no lover of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. the founder of microsoft claimed that in their short existence digital currencies have already been a "fairly direct” cause of deaths. gates slams cryptocurrencies over connections to crimeduring an "ask me anything” session on reddit yesterday, gates stated that cryptocurrency has been responsible for various evils. amongst these the multi-billionaire alleges that bitcoin and other digital coins have been the cause of many deaths:"right now cryptocurrencies are used for buying fentanyl and other drugs so it is a rare technology that has caused deaths in a fairly direct way.”he also cited money laundering, tax evasion and terrorist funding as reasons why he’s not in favour of the revolutionary payment methods. he went on to claim that it’s, title=these are the reasons why bill gates is wrong about cryptocurrency, summary=microsoft’s Bill Gate Slams Cryptocurrencies over Money Laundering, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency verge — which prides itself on "security/anonymity/privacy” — was hacked yesterday. in a short period of time, the attacker made off with around 250,000 coins. the hack was discovered by "ocminer,” a poster on bitcointalk forums, yesterday afternoon. according to ocminer, the attacker took advantage of "several bugs” in verge’s code to mine an extraordinarily large number of new blocks on verge’s blockchain, in turn rewarding him/herself with a large number of coins over a very short period of time. despite registering large gains as of late, the cryptocurrency experienced what’s been dubbed a "51% attack” which wiped more than 22% of its value. the company came to its defense, calling the breach a "small hash attack” that has been "clea, title=verge cryptocurrency hit by 51% attack, loses 250,000 tokens, summary=Cryptocurrency Verge Hit by Hacker, Makes Off with 250,000 Coins, bleu=0.0493
summarize:benny giang tweeted out to his followers on the cryptokitties twitter feed that his team would be joining ubisoft this week in paris for a special hackathon. to mark the collaboration he posted an image of a special edition "rabbid kitty” and ended the tweet by writing "super excited about more official collabs coming out soon". the tease worked, as commenters speculate over what other collaborations may be coming. ck x ubisoft  pic.twitter.com/f11w5cxlui— benny (@bennygiang) june 28, 2018the special hackathon mentioned in the tweet is the ubisoft organized blockchain heroes which will be taking place from june 29 -july 1 in montreuil, france. the object of the hackathon is to challenge development teams to integrate blockchain technology with gaming, title=cryptokitties team to join ubisoft at blockchain heroes hackathon, summary=ubisoft’s Blockchain Heroes Hackathon to be held in Paris this week, bleu=0.0375
summarize:august 19: the crypto market picture shows signs of recovery following last week’s major market crash, but momentum has not yet rallied sufficiently to indicate a categorical reversal of the bear market. august 17 saw the first major attempt to reverse fortunes, but these gains have not been widely consolidated. at press time, bitcoin (btc) is trading below the $6,500 price point and ethereum (eth) has dipped below $300. most major of crypto assets are seeing modest to solid gains of 1 to 5 percent on the day, as coin360 data shows, with some top 20 coins up as much as 16 percent. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) is currently seeing almost no change over the past 24 hours at press time, trading at around $6,380, according to cointelegraph’s bitcoin price index. yesterday’s bullish but short-lived spike upwards, title=despite market gains on the day, bitcoin remains below $6,500, ethereum loses $300 support, summary=Bitcoin (btc) Price Technical Analysis: ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, BTC, IOTA, NEM, S&P 500, bleu=0.0169
summarize:venezuelan president nicolás maduro has announced that the national oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro, will be used as a unit of account within the country, news outlet abc international reported august 14. nicolás maduro reportedly announced in a television address, that the state oil company pdvsa will use the petro as a unit of account. additionally, the government will introduce a new salary system and a pricing system for goods and services that are anchored to the petro. abc quotes maduro: "as of next monday, venezuela will have a second accounting unit based on the price, the value of the petro. it will be a second accounting unit of the republic and will begin operations as a mandatory accounting unit of our pdvsa oil industry.” according mad, title=venezuela to use petro as unit of account for salaries, goods and services, summary=Venezuelan President Announces Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency to be Used as Account Unit, bleu=0.0339
summarize:chinese cryptocurrency exchange huobi has reportedly acquired the controlling stock interest in hong kong-based pantronics holdings ltd. through a backdoor listing deal, local news outlet jrj.com reported august 27. a backdoor listing, which is also known as a reverse takeover or reverse initial public offering (ipo), allows a privately held company to purchase a publicly traded company avoiding the public offering process, regulatory issues, and due diligence. upon completion of the deal, the buyer gains automatic inclusion on a stock exchange. huobi reportedly acquired 73.73 percent of pantronics holdings ltd., which makes the crypto exchange the actual controller of the power-related electrical and electronic products manufacturer. pantronics halted trading its shares on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange (hkex), title=report: huobi acquires controlling share in investment company via backdoor listing, summary=Chinese Crypto Exchange huobi Acquires Controlling Stock Interest in Pantronics Holdings, bleu=0.0407
summarize:san francisco-based exchange and wallet service coinbase announced today, aug. 3 that it is exploring the addition of 40 new assets to its custodial service, coinbase custody. the blog post stresses that the crypto assets may be added "for storage only,” and that coinbase will add them "as quickly and safely as possible.” coinbase states that they are not currently considering the assets for trading. according to the post: "we are making this announcement internally at coinbase and to the public at the same time to remain transparent with our customers about support for future assets.” among the new assets being considered for storage are ripple (xrp), eos, monero (xmr), vechain (ven), cardano (ada), bitcoin gold (btg), and telegram. coinbase noted that the addition of an asset to coinbase custody is not indicative of whether it will, title=coinbase custody considers addition of 37 new assets including xrp, eos and xmr, summary=Coinbase to Add 40 Crypto Assets to its Custodial Service, bleu=0.0
summarize:the iota foundation released a public statement august 8 in order to quell fears of a major disagreement among senior management after a transcript of a discussion between the founders and the board of directors was leaked. a statement seen by cointelegraph explains that following a period of uncertainty over iota founders serguei popov and sergey ivancheglo’s access to the foundation’s board of directors, a memorandum of understanding (mou) would now allow them access. as a german-registered non-profit, the iota foundation needed to act within the law, meaning changing its statute is possible "only by a supervisory board resolution,” the statement says. iota’s supervisory board had not yet met, despite popov and ivancheglo waiting for board of directors’ access., title=iota foundation undergoes overhaul after founders shut out of directors board, summary=iota Foundation Releases Public Statement to Quell Concerns Over Board Access, bleu=0.0375
summarize:saturday, aug. 11: after short-lived recovery attempt yesterday, cryptocurrencies have suffered another slump today. almost all cryptocurrencies are down by significant percentages, with bitcoin (btc) being a notable exception among the top 20 market cap, up under one percent on the day. crypto market visualization from coin360 bitcoin is trading sideways, up by about 0.1 percent over the past 24 hours. the cryptocurrency is at the $6,438 price mark as of press time, following a dip to as low as $6,051 earlier today. after surging to about $8,230 on july 25, btc is down 8.5 percent on the week. however, the coin is still up 1 percent over the past 30 days. bitcoin price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index after losing the $400 support this monday, ethereum (eth) has plunged to as low as $30, title=crypto markets slump again, with bitcoin holding gains, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether Downsides, bleu=0.0245
summarize:the state government of the australian province of queensland will issue a grant to a crypto startup as part of over $8.3 million of innovation funding, according to an official announcement published august 1. according to the government statement, the travelbybit digital currency payments platform for the travel and tourism industry is one of 70 companies that will receive advance queensland ignite ideas funding, which supports entrepreneurs in queensland in developing their businesses. the company’s objective will be to boost the number of tourists to central queensland through selling travel offers with cryptocurrencies and creating more jobs. innovation minister kate jones said: "travelbybit has devised a clever way to make it easier for visitors to our state to pay for their purchases with a growing number of local businesses accepting cryptocurrency payments... i understand travelbybit is specifically targeting places like bundaberg (along the great barrier reef) –, title=australian state government invests in crypto startup to promote regional tourism, summary=queensland to Grant Crypto Startup $8.3 Million in Innovation Funding, bleu=0.0446
summarize:cryptocurrency trading platform crypto facilities has added bitcoin cash (bch) to its list of futures products, announcing in a press release that the product would go live at 4pm bst friday, august 17. crypto facilities, which rose to prominence when it partnered with cme group on its first-of-its kind bitcoin futures in december 2017, said the move reflected bitcoin cash’s status as a "top five coin” by market cap. the platform already offers bitcoin (btc), ripple (xrp), ethereum (eth) and litecoin (ltc) futures. "we are pleased to be expanding our cryptocurrency derivatives offering with the launch of [bitcoin cash] futures,” ceo timo schlaefer commented in the release. "bch is a top five coin with a market capitalization of, title=cme futures partner releases first regulated bitcoin cash futures, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Platform Crypto Facilities Adds Bitcoin Cash Futures, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuelan president nicolas maduro has asked all 10 countries in the bolivarian alliance for the peoples of our america (alba) to work together on the creation of the petro, his proposed oil-backed cryptocurrency, according to local sources. during a meeting of alba on jan. 12, maduro had announced: "i put it on the table, brother governments of the alba, the proposal of the cryptocurrency of the petro, so that we can take it on as one of the projects of integration of the 21st century in a bold way, but also in the manner of a creator and a creative.” maduro declared his intention to create the petro in early december, and on jan. 6 he ordered the issuance of the first 100 mln petros, each backed by one barrel of oil. the president, title=venezuelan president maduro calls for 10 countries to embrace his oil-backed coin, summary=venezuelan President nicolas maduro asks all 10 bolivian countries to work together on petro, bleu=0.0714
summarize:friday, august 24: crypto markets have seen notable growth today, with all but one of the top 40 cryptocurrencies by market cap solidly in the green, according to data from coin360. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) has seen solid growth, having surpassed the $6,600 price point, starting the day just over $6,400. the leading cryptocurrency is up around 3 percent over the past 24 hours, trading at $6,624 at press time. august 22 bitcoin plunged from above $6,700 to under the $6,400 price point, following news of new anti-crypto policies in china, as well as another series of application denials for several bitcoin exchange-traded funds (etfs) by the u. s. securities and exchange commission (sec). according to coinmarketcap, bitcoin and vechain (vet) are the only two cryptocurrencies among top 20 coins by, title=crypto markets see solid upswing as sec promises to review recently rejected bitcoin etfs, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) and vechain (vet) are the only two cryptocurrencies among top 20 by market cap, bleu=0.0
summarize:tether (usdt) has issued new tokens worth $50 million on august 11, according to block explorer omniexplorer. in late march, tether had released 300 mln usdt tokens priced at $1 per token. over the past 30 days, tether’s market capitalization lost around $300 million, down from $2.7 billion in mid-july to the current $2.4 billion, according coinmarketcap. tether market cap 1 month chart. source: coinmarketcap tether is now in second place after bitcoin (btc) in terms of highest daily trading volumes, seeing $4.2 billion in trades a day or 28.16 percent of all crypto trades, while bitcoin’s average 24-hour trading volume is $5.7 billion, or 38.62 percent. yesterday, august 11, the price of bitcoin surged by $300 over the course of just a couple of hours, following a, title=controversial stablecoin tether issues new batch of usdt tokens worth $50 million, summary=tether (usdt) Issues $50 Million Cryptocurrency on August 11, bleu=0.0741
summarize:openfinance, a security token trading platform, has launched a regulated alternative trading system (ats) for security tokens, according to information shared with cointelegraph august 29. in the u. s. and canada, an ats is a non-exchange trading venue that that matches buyers and sellers to find counterparties for transactions. they are usually regulated as broker-dealers instead of as exchanges. in an email, juan hernandez, ceo at the u. s.-based openfinance, confirmed to cointelegraph that the company has created the trading system, noting that the official press release will appear later on the company’s medium account. earlier this month, cryptocurrency exchange huobi entered into a strategic partnership with openfinance. the press release stated that the partnership was a move "toward a more regulated security token, title=openfinance launches regulated alternative trading system for securities tokens, summary=Openfinance Launches Regulated Alternative Trading System for Security Tokens, bleu=0.0477
summarize:european leaders seem to have finally come to a consensus that the innovative technology underlying crypto-assets "has the potential to improve efficiency and inclusiveness of the financial system and economy more broadly,” as emphasized at the g20 summit in argentina in march 2018. however, when it comes to regulation, the lack of consensus among global leaders made it impossible to enact broad legislation. various european representatives pushed for coordinated legislation to restrict cryptocurrencies during the g20 summit with no success. instead, there was agreement to set a july 2018 deadline for regulatory proposals. the hang-up over regulation may be due to governments and financial leaders recognizing that legislation will only be effective if pursued as a joint venture with other european countries. government organizations, politicians, regulators, and central banks that were present at the gathering discussed the instability of cryptocurrency markets and the potential for criminal activity. but the major developments to come from, title=banks and cryptocurrencies global evaluation: europe, summary=Europe’s Cryptocurrency Market Has Potential to Improve Efficiency, Global Leaders Say, bleu=0.0
summarize:ripple (xrp) has unveiled their university blockchain research initiative (ubri) consisting of a $50 mln donation to 17 universities globally to support education in blockchain and crypto, ripple insights reports june 4. ripple will also contribute technical resources and expertise as part of the initiative, allowing the universities to collaborate with ripple on blockchain research and blockchain and crypto-based curriculum formation. among others, princeton will work with the ubri to research the policy impact of crypto and blockchain worldwide, upenn will receive support for mba-ms candidates for a dual-degree program that allows for work on crypto and blockchain, and the university of luxembourg will build a blockchain research program. earlier this spring, ripple also gave a donation in xrp worth $29 mln to support public schools through the donorschoose charity fund. more recently, ashton kut, title=ripple donates $50 mln to universities to support blockchain, crypto education, summary=Ripple Gives $50 Mln to 17 Universities to Support Blockchain Education, bleu=0.0741
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. after failing to stem the rising popularity of cryptocurrencies through their warnings, the central banks have stooped down to funding anti-crypto campaigns. this move will only reduce the confidence in the central banks and encourage new investors to enter the crypto world. at the same time, the venezuelan government is planning to launch a new cryptocurrency called the petro. each new coin will supposedly be backed by one barrel of oil. however, there is a big question on the central bank’s credibility that is issuing the petro. analysts believe that the petro is most likely to end up not bringing the expected results. on the other hand, bitcoin continues to attract big-ticket investments. after the recent fall, there are reports of, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, feb. 19, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: Price Analysis – May 31, 2018, bleu=0.0254
summarize:there has been a big push for investors to be able to buy bitcoin without actually having to buy the digital currency. products — such as futures — have entered the market and upon their arrival in early december last year, bitcoin rallied toward $20,000. however, the biggest prize on offer for investors — mainly of the institutionalised variety, who are still skeptical about owning bitcoin — is an exchange-traded fund (etf). there has been a push, through the sec, to try and get a bitcoin etf in place for some time now, starting with the winklevoss twins’ first attempt in march 2017. meanwhile, a product, called bitcoin tracker one, which has been trading on the nasdaq stockholm exchange since 2015, offered what is known as an exchange-traded note (etn), and this week, it was, title=etn vs. etf: which is the investor’s dream?, summary=Cryptocurrency Investors Want to Buy Bitcoin Without Buying the Currency, bleu=0.038
summarize:stormydaniels.com will now be accepting the vice industry token (vit) as payment for viewing the website’s premium adult video content, pr newswire reports today, may 25. the vice industry token raised $22 mln in ethereum (eth) in 24 hours during its initial coin offering (ico) in february. the token, which can be earned by watching and interacting with videos on stormydaniels.com and other sites on the vit network, can then be used to purchase premium content across the network. ceo of vice industry token inc. stuart duncan said of the move to accept vit that "even stormy daniels understands the value of cryptocurrency:” "we are thrilled that she chose our blockchain technology to implement on her site." darkreach communications, which manages stormydaniels.com, will also be adding a, title=stormy daniels plays crypto card to trump adult industry competition, summary=Stormydaniels.com Accepts Vice Industry Token as Payment for Premium Video, bleu=0.0
summarize:according to a report by the next web published on august 28, several cryptocurrency mining apps remain in the google play store despite the ban. on july 27, google banned crypto-mining apps from its play store. an update to google’s developer policy read that "we don't allow apps that mine cryptocurrency on devices." the company gave mining app developers a 30-day grace period to revise their products in order to comply with the new terms. the deferral period has passed, but some apps that enable on-device mining are still available on the play store, according to the next web. the site reportedly found eight apps, three of which have been removed. neoneonminer, crypto miner pro, pickaxe miner, and pocket miner are still live on the store, while bitcoin miner reportedly claims its offering complies with the terms introduced by google. while minergate has been removed from, title=report: some crypto mining apps remain in google play store despite recent ban, summary=Google Bans Crypto Mining Apps from Play Store: Report, bleu=0.0281
summarize:canadian adult entertainment streaming website pornhub has announced a partnership with cryptocurrency payment and billing startup pumapay to enable its users payments in cryptocurrencies, according to a tweet august 23. pornhub is now accepting pumapay, with its "unique” pull payment protocol that will allow users automatically pay for their subscriptions, including pornhub premium. pornhub promoted the partnership with a youtube video entitled "pornhub and pumapay save the world.” the move follows a similar agreement with cryptocurrency verge (xvg) completed in april. the partnership with verge allows customers to pay with the coin for pornhub premium and all purchases within the product. earlier this month, pornhub subsidiary tube8 revealed plans to develop a blockchain-powered platform for users to earn crypto for watching and interacting with tube8 videos. through a partnership with vice industry token (, title=pornhub partners with pumapay to accept crypto as payments, summary=Pornhub Partners with Cryptocurrency Payment and Billing Startup Pumapay, bleu=0.0477
summarize:a governmental committee of the kingdom of saudi arabia has warned the public that trading digital currencies is illegal in the country, according to an aug. 12 announcement by the saudi arabian monetary authority (sama). the warning was issued by the standing committee for awareness on dealing in unauthorized securities activities in the foreign exchange markets. the standing committee was established by supreme decree headed by capital market authority (cma), and contains such ministries as the ministry of media, ministry of commerce and investment, sama, and the ministry of interior. according to the statement, digital currencies are not recognized by the government and no entities are licensed to deal with them. in the warning, the committee notes "high risks” and "negative consequences” associated with virtual currency trading, and urges the public not to fall for so called "get-rich schemes” as they imply "high regulatory, security, and market risks.” the, title=saudi regulators warn against trading cryptocurrencies, citing ‘high market risks’, summary=saudi govt. warns of “high risks” associated with digital currency trading, bleu=0.0403
summarize:this article does not contain investment advice or recommendations. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. south korea’s largest multi-billion dollar conglomerates in various sectors including insurance, telecommunications, gaming, and internet are entering the cryptocurrency market by funding up-and-coming exchanges. the country’s leading corporations have funded such exchanges as korbit, bithumb, and upbit to be involved in the south korean cryptocurrency exchange market, and be at the forefront of blockchain development. nhn and okcoin nhn entertainment corporation, better known as nhn, is a $1.2 bln company founded in 2013 which operated under the name hangame communications from 1999 to 2013. alongside nexon, nhn remains the largest gaming conglomerate in south korea, with, title=south korea’s largest multi-billion dollar conglomerates enter the cryptocurrency market, summary=South Korea’s Largest Multi-Billion Dollar Conglomerates Fund Cryptocurrency Exchanges, bleu=0.0
summarize:overstock shares soared by 21 percent in after-hours trading following news that hong kong-based private equity firm gsr capital will invest up to $270 million in tzero, an overstock blockchain subsidiary, cnbc reported aug. 9. the two companies signed a deal wherein gsr capital will invest up to $374.55 million in exchange for tzero and overstock shares. gsr will buy $30 million worth of tzero tokens from the e-commerce retail giant and will аlso invest up to $270 million in the company at a valuation of $1.5 billion, giving the investment firm an 18 percent stake in tzero. the stock jumped 4.47 percent during trading hours and closed at $38.60 per share. tzero ceo saum noursalehi said in a, title=overstock shares surge following tzero investment announcement, summary=hong kong-based firm gsr capital to invest $270 million in overstock blockchain subsidiary tzero, bleu=0.0313
summarize:the republic of the marshall islands will release its own cryptocurrency complete with an ico and free trading, according to two government officials that spoke with bloomberg wednesday, feb. 28. the two officials, one of which is house speaker and senator kenneth kedi, said that the pacific nation’s parliament this week endorsed the creation of the currency, which will be called the sovereign (sov). the marshall islands currently uses the us dollar as its official currency, and once issued the sovereign will circulate alongside the dollar. the sovereign will be distributed via an initial coin offering (ico) subject to final approval by council, with a rejection "unlikely,” kedi told bloomberg. david paul minister-in-assistance to the president told bloomberg that the new state-issued coin should appear before the end of 2018, adding it would be "specifically targeted for the, title=marshall islands plans to launch national cryptocurrency and ico, gov’t officials report, summary=the republic of the marshall islands to release its own cryptocurrency with an ico and free trading, officials say. the sovereign will be issued alongside the us dollar, with a rejection “unlikely”, bleu=0.0299
summarize:eos has surpassed $9 billion in market valuation for the first time in history, recording a daily gain of over 40 percent as the south korea cryptocurrency exchange market recovered from the trading ban fud. eos popular in south koreaover the past 48 hours, the global cryptocurrency market struggled to rebound from a major correction triggered by south korea ministry of justice head park sang-ki’s premature statement on a cryptocurrency trading ban, which was refuted by the country’s ministry of strategy and finance, and the blue house, the executive office of president moon jae-in. upon the fallout of the cryptocurrency trading ban proposal by the justice ministry, cryptocurrencies heavily concentrated in the south korean market in terms of daily trading volume and user base have increased in value. cryptocurrencies like zcash, qtum, monero, and eos, title=eos price spikes 40% as south korea cryptocurrency market recovers from fud, summary=eos Overtakes $9 Billion in Market Valuation as South Korea Recovers from Crypto Trading Ban, bleu=0.0322
summarize:the market sell-off appeared to reach at least a temporary bottom on tuesday, as — led by the bitcoin price — cryptocurrencies have made a moderate recovery since marking another day off the calendar. cryptocurrency market cap briefly sinks below $300 billionearly tuesday morning, the cryptocurrency market cap sunk to $276 billion, its lowest point since november and a mark that bitcoin itself was valued above as recently as early january. the downturn correlated with increased regulatory pressure, hostile postures from credit card issuers, and a $4 trillion sell-off in the world stock markets. source: coinmarketcapat roughly 3:00 utc, however, the cryptocurrency markets began to tick upward, and by the time of writing they had recovered past the $300 billion threshold to a present value of $319 billion. this still represents a 24-hour decline of, title=bitcoin price eyes $7,000 as markets see early-morning bounce, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $276 Billion as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0446
summarize:bitwise asset management’s hold 10, a cryptocurrency index fund that invests in the top 10 cryptocurrencies in the global market, has raised $4 million from former paypal executives. risk minimizationinvestors including prominent venture capitalist naval ravikant, keith rabois, and former paypal chief operating officer and product leader david sacks have contributed to the $4 million investment round of hold 10. according to bitwise ceo hunter horsley, hold 10 is only open to accredited investors and allows its investors to allocate funds into the 10 largest cryptocurrencies in the market weighted by the value of circulating coins or market valuation."we and our investors believe that a vehicle like this, or passive index investing as an approach, is a great way for many people to participate in cryptocurrency,” said horsley. although more than 60 percent of the funds stored in hold 10 are invested in bitcoin, the primary purpose, title=former paypal executives invest millions in cryptocurrency index fund, summary=Cryptocurrency Index Fund Bitwise Raises $4 Million from Former Paypal Executives, bleu=0.0
summarize:peter thiel’s founders fund is wagering that institutional investors will soon make a splash in cryptoassets. the wall street journal reports that the legendary silicon valley venture capital firm has made an early-stage investment in tagomi, a startup that aims to serve as a broker-dealer for family offices, wealthy individuals, and other institutional investors. the startup — whose operations remain in such an early phase that not even its name is set in stone — was co-founded by greg tusar, a former goldman sachs executive who ran the firm’s electronic trading division. tagomi has reportedly raised $15.5 million, and it is unknown how much of that backing comes from founders fund. however, napoleon ta, a founders fund partner, is listed as one of the company’s directors in a recent securities, title=us regulators examining whether ethereum is a security: wsj report, summary=Peter thiel’s founders fund invests in a Cryptocurrency Brokerage, bleu=0.0382
summarize:apart from ether, the native cryptocurrency of ethereum, all major cryptocurrencies or the 10 most valuable digital assets in the global market have fallen in value. tokens adding value to ethereum, justifiable market capover the past few months, since late 2017, many decentralized applications utilized at a large commercial scale have emerged. apps like cryptokitties, etherdelta, and 0x have obtained hundreds of thousands of active users, by integrating seamless trading of digital assets. on 0x for instance, a decentralized exchange protocol previously introduced by coinbase co-founder fred ehrsam, successful decentralized applications and blockchain projects such as aragon, ethfinex, radar, melonport, augur, status, and district0x have launched, utilizing the 0x protocol for off-chain order relay and on-chain settlement. as ehrs, title=ready to rally? ethereum aside, all major cryptocurrencies fall in value, summary=ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEO, BTC, IOTA, Slack: Market Update, bleu=0.0172
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap has risen from $263 billion to $276 billion in as little as six hours with bitcoin seeing a 1.97 percent increase over the last 24 hours with a price rise of over $350 this morning according to coinmarketcap.com. the market cap hasn’t seen this price level since june 22, 2018, signifying an overall consolidation. meanwhile, ethereum is up 1.84 percent, xrp is up 1.22 percent, bitcoin cash has seen a 3.09 percent increase and eos is up 3.89 percent with the only coin seeing losses in the top ten being cardano which is down 0.7 percent. the biggest gains in the top 100 were seen by ethos with a price spike of over 80 percent, with the next highest being electroneum at 20 percent and kyber network at 19.8 percent. the biggest losses among the top 100 currencies were wax, down, title=crypto market cap adds $13 billion in 6 hours with bitcoin on the rise, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Rises to $276 Billion as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Cardano Gains, bleu=0.0182
summarize:bitcoin.org has removed the phrase ‘low transaction fees’ from its homepage. they’ve also made a slight change to how they refer to the speed of transactions, no longer calling them fast:while the website has evolved over the last couple of years, there really haven’t been any major changes to the content in quite some time. the changes made are indeed appropriate, but the introductory video for explaining what bitcoin is (watched over 5 million times) still alludes to low fees twice. a long way to gocobra-bitcoin, a contributor on btc’s github points out that there are still many changes to be made to the website, and of course the fee structure:"...the entire site has always emphasised low fees. obviously we don’t expect some insanely low fee, but the current fees make it impossible for reasonable people to transact with each, title=cryptocurrency markets make bullish pivot after early-week lows, summary=Bitcoin.org Removes ‘Low Transaction Fees’ from its homepage, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ripple price fell below dollar parity this morning, punctuating the third-largest cryptocurrency’s 28 percent skid. ripple price dips below $1ripple entered 2018 on a hot streak of parabolic proportions. during a one-month period, the global average ripple price rocketed from just $0.25 to an all-time high of $3.84, creating xrp millionaires almost overnight and briefly making ripple co-founder chris larsen the nominal eighth-richest person in the world. the downside to these breakneck rallies, however, is that their declines are often equally as precipitous. this has proven to be the case this week, as ripple has been among the coins hardest hit by a severe correction that has reverberated throughout the cryptoasset markets. on wednesday, the ripple price dropped to $0.99 on bittrex, marking its, title=cryptocurrency markets show signs of life after $400 billion crash, summary=xRP Millionaire chris larsen is the No. 8 Richest Person in the World, bleu=0.0
summarize:vechain, a china-based internet of things (iot)-focused crypto, has surged by more than 50 percent in value within the past 24 hours. analysts have attributed the increase in the price of vechain to the successful series of partnerships the team has been able to secure since earlier this year and the improving momentum of tokens in the global cryptocurrency market. major partnershipsvechain/usd | source: tradingviewin may, ccn reported that pricewaterhousecoopers, a "big four” auditor better known as pwc, acquired stake in the chinese cryptocurrency with the intent of utilizing the vechain iot network to serve multi-billion dollar clients and conglomerates that rely on the services of pwc. at the time, raymund chao, the chairman of pwc asia pacific and greater china, title=iot crypto vechain price surges 50% overnight, factors behind the spike, summary=pwc Acquires Share in vechain to Serve Multi-Billion Dollar Clients, bleu=0.0311
summarize:icon (icx) and wanchain (wan) have recorded massive 23 percent gains again in the past 24 hours, becoming the two best performing assets in the global crypto market for two days straight. the valuation of the crypto market increased from $213 billion to $214 billion on august 27 as some major cryptocurrencies like eos and iota saw fairly large gains in the range of 4 to 15 percent. volume is the issuethroughout the past week, despite the strong performance of the crypto market, analysts expressed their concerns regarding the decline in the volume in major digital assets. specifically, the volume of bitcoin, which hovered around $4.5 billion last week, has fallen below $3.5 billion. ethereum, eos, ripple, bitcoin cash, and other major cryptocurrencies have also seen a large drop in their daily trading volume. most notably, ether, whose volume surpassed $2 billion last, title=icon records 23% gain again while crypto market sees gloomy forecast, summary=Icon (icx) and wanchain (wan) Record Massive 23 percent Gains in Crypto Market, bleu=0.0229
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continued their positive momentum on wednesday evening as most of the coins held on to the double-digit gains achieved over the past 24 hours. most importantly, altcoins acted independently of the bitcoin price, with several performing significantly better than the largest cryptocurrency by market cap. as of press time on wednesday, btc was trading at around $6,350, having briefly even crossed $6,600 during the day before falling back. ethereum roared back to the $300 mark, as noted earlier, although it had gone down slightly to the $286 level at press time — still a rise of 10 percent overall. perhaps the most sluggish of performers was bitcoin cash, which only rose by five percent to settle at the lower $510’s after having even touched the $530 level during the day. ripple (xrp) also managed to claw back some of the massive losses, title=cryptocurrency markets maintain momentum despite slight retracement, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Continue to Gain as ethereum, Bitcoin Cash and Ripple Recover, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has increased by around $10 billion over the past 24 hours, as major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ripple, eos, stellar, and tron surged in the range of 2 to 16 percent. eos was the strongest performer today, recording a gain of 16.24 percent subsequent to its mainnet launch. no major movement over the past 7 daysalthough it seems as if the market has recovered by large margins and bitcoin has rebounded from its previous dip, btc has remained in the same region over the past seven days. last week, on may 27, exactly seven days ago, the price of btc was $7,560. as of june 2, the price of btc remains just over $7,600, less than 1 percent higher than its position on may 27. on may 27, analysts predicted a downward trajectory for btc and a possible drop below, title=cryptocurrency market gains $10 billion; eos surges 16%, bitcoin price at $7,650, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, XRP, Stellar Lumens, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin Rise in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0191
summarize:bitcoin cash may well head to $640 or $630 soon, as there’s a new bearish trend line at $690. the crypto is trading at $662, having already tested the local low at $645 and then pulled back. the cryptocurrency is under pressure, according to dmitriy gurkovskiy, chief analyst at roboforex. he portends bitcoin cash is unlikely to stay long near $700. in case the sellers remain active, it will soon reach $630. losses are already high, investors say, which could be clearly seen after bch went below $665. in theory, the price may fall till $620 after testing the range between $630 and $640.$630 is the key support level for bch, while the resistance is at $690. the macd on d1 is moving along in the negative area and is going down, thus confirming a, title=analysis: bitcoin cash getting much weaker, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch Could Fall to $630, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price continued to flirt with the $11,000 threshold on friday, even as other top cryptocurrencies experienced minor declines. meanwhile, another former top 10-cryptocurrency is eyeing a return to this exclusive list. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap rose by approximately $11 billion on friday — a single-day increase of two percent — and is currently valued at $462.6 billion. bitcoin price flirts with $11,000the bitcoin price posted the best single-day performance among large-cap coins with an index-matching two percent increase. at present, the flagship cryptocurrency is trading at $10,932, representing a slight pullback from the intraday peak of $11,189 it hit earlier this morning. bitcoin now has a $185.1 billion market cap, and its share of the total cryptocurrency market cap has shot up to 40.7 percent. bitcoin price chartethereum price posts minor, title=bitcoin price flirts with $11,000 as other top coins retreat, summary=Bitcoin Price Continues to flirt with $11,000, Other Cryptocurrencies See Minor Declines, bleu=0.1057
summarize:the zcash price spiked to $345 on monday after cryptocurrency exchange gemini announced that it will list the privacy-centric cryptocurrency for trading next week. zcash price spikes to $345zcash had entered the day trading just above $250, and it traded close to this mark until shortly after 8:00 utc. at this point, the zcash price experienced a sudden spike to $345. the coin was not able to sustain this level, and it has since ebbed to a present value of $306. nevertheless, this represents a single-day increase of more than 22 percent, and it has raised the zcash market cap above $1.2 billion. zec price chartnotably, zcash is trading at a $16 to $18 premium against the south korean won, though korean exchanges currently account for a small percentage of, title=zcash price spikes to $345 after gemini announces new trading pairs, summary=zcash Price Spikes to $345 as Gemini Lists Privacy-Centric Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.1369
summarize:today, on january 16, the cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction, for the third time in the past 10 days. the price of most cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ripple, ethereum, and bitcoin cash declined by around 10 percent, while small cryptocurrencies recorded larger losses. with the exception of neo and monero, all of the top 20 cryptocurrencies have fallen in value. cryptocurrencies that have recorded a decline of over 10 percent include ripple, cardano, bitcoin cash, stellar, eos, dash, tron, bitcoin gold, and ethereum classic. small cryptocurrencies take a big hitcryptocurrencies with lower market caps, specifically cryptocurrencies outside of the top 10 global rankings, have recorded larger losses than established digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum. even cryptocurrencies with trading volumes heavily concentrated in south korea such as qtum and eos, title=cryptocurrency market bloodbath: bitcoin, ripple, et al. decline in value, summary=Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether: Price Analysis for january 16, bleu=0.0227
summarize:chinese authorities’ ‘crackdown’ on bitcoin miners will not see them banned and will instead focus on removing their preferential treatment in local provinces. chinese publication ciaxin is reporting that, contrary to rumors on wednesday, chinese authorities haven’t asked bitcoin miners to shut down their operations in the country. china is home to nearly two-thirds of the bitcoin hashrate with mining operations rampant in the sichuan province and the autonomous regions of inner mongolia and tibet that provide cheap hydroelectricity and cooler temperatures for the energy-intensive process of cryptocurrency mining. citing a source with knowledge of regulators’ moves, the ‘crackdown’ will extend to removing friendly treatment for mining centers near cheap hydroelectric power. preferential policies in electricity consumption, tax cuts and land use for bitcoin mining centers are all under the scanner, title=ripple price surges 35%, hits $141 billion market cap, summary=China’s ‘Crackdown’ on Bitcoin Miners Will Not See They Be Banned, bleu=0.0
summarize:usd has pulled back somewhat against emerging markets currencies. | source: etorohowever, the dollar rally has hit a speed speed bump over the past several days, enabling currencies like the lira, rand, and peso to recoup some of their losses. that usd pullback, perhaps not coincidentally, coincided with a midweek crypto-renaissance, enabling the cryptocurrency market cap to add nearly $20 billion after briefly dipping below $190 billion on monday. so why is bitcoin standing out from the pack, even as the overall market struggles against a stronger dollar? it may be, to borrow a phrase from fundstrat founder tom lee, because "bitcoin is the best house in a tough neighborhood.”, title=strong us dollar, not icos, drove recent cryptocurrency market decline: analyst, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Bitcoin is the Best House in a Tough Neighborhood, bleu=0.0283
summarize:the ripple price roared past $1.05 on monday amid surging volume in south korean markets. ripple price roars past $1.05the move was somewhat unexpected, as the ripple price had spent the previous week on a gradual downslope, declining from $0.94 on feb. 25 to $0.89 on march 4. however, on sunday evening, the ripple price began to explode, and the xrp token posted an 18 percent increase, a rally that bested those of all other top 100-cryptocurrencies. at present, the ripple price is valued at $1.06 on bitfinex, which translates into a $41.8 billion market cap. xrp price chartthe rally correlated with heavy xrp trading in south korean markets. bithumb’s xrp/krw pair alone accounts for nearly 31 percent of ripple’s daily volume, title=ripple price roars past $1.05 as korean fomo kicks into high gear, summary=xrp, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: XRP Price Rumbles Past $1.05, bleu=0.0457
summarize:bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, bitcoin cash, cardano, litecoin, and other major cryptocurrencies with the exception of monero have experienced a decline in value, as the cryptocurrency market fell by yet another $22 billion after a seeing a drop on march 6. moneroover the past 24 hours, monero has been the only major cryptocurrency to record a gain, demonstrating a slight 2 percent increase in price. in contrast, bitcoin fell by 2.5 percent, ether by 5 percent, ripple and bitcoin cash by 3 percent, and litecoin by 4 percent. on a weekly basis, monero is also one of the few cryptocurrencies to demonstrate a surge in price. on march 1, the price of monero was $285. as of march 7, the price of monero remains above $360, recording a 26 percent weekly increase in price. the rise in, title=cryptocurrency market sheds $22 billion as every major currency dips, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Cardano, Ether: Cryptocurrency Market Drops $22 Billion as Monero Price Rises, bleu=0.0382
summarize:yoo byung-joon, business administration professor at seoul national university, the most prestigious college in south korea, has stated that the south korean government introduced premature regulations for the bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. premature regulationsas ccn reported in december, the south korean government released various policies to strictly regulate the south korean cryptocurrency market and protect investors within it. initially, after the december 13 emergency meeting to discuss the state of the cryptocurrency market was held, the south korean government introduced the following four regulations:prevent unaccredited investors from dealing with losses through highly volatile cryptocurrencies. prevent strictly regulated cryptocurrency exchanges from operating as speculative platforms for unaccredited investors. request banks and exchanges to ensure underaged investors and foreigners cannot open trading accounts on cryptocurrency exchanges. temporarily suspend institutional investors and retail investors from investing in, title=ethereum briefly overtakes ripple, surges to all-time high at $914, summary=South Korea Introduces Premature Regulations for Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Market, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price dove below $9,700 on thursday following reports that india may take a hard line against cryptocurrency usage to combat its use in "illegitimate” enterprises. as ccn reported, arun jaitley, india’s finance minister, criticized cryptocurrencies during a speech before the country’s parliament. jaitley, who was ostensibly presenting the union budget, took time to state that the government does not consider cryptocurrencies to be legal tender and that regulators will take "all measures” to eliminate their use in criminal activities. the finance minister did not list any concrete measures that the government intended to take to curb this alleged usage of cryptocurrencies in nefarious enterprises, and — importantly — he did not float a bitcoin ban. however, because india accounts for approximately 10 percent of all bitcoin transactions — the statement appears to have placed more, title=zcash price could hit $60,000 by 2025, predicts grayscale analyst, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops Below $9,700 after India’s Finance Minister Criticizes Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets extended their decline for another consecutive day on wednesday, as just five of the 100 largest coins and tokens managed to post an advance against the dollar. the bitcoin price, meanwhile, recovered past $10,000 after yesterday’s report that us regulators had subpoenaed bitfinex and tether briefly caused it to dip into four-figure territory. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap shed $37 billion and is now valued at $514 billion following the day’s seven percent decline. bitcoin price recovers past $10,000as ccn reported, the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) issued subpoenas to bitfinex, one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges, and tether, a startup that created the dollar-pegged usdt token. the subpoenas were issued in december, title=bitcoin price holds above $10,000 but markets remain firmly in the red, summary=Bitcoin Price Recovers Past $10,000 as US Regulators Subpoena Bitfinex, tether, bleu=0.0618
summarize:an ascending trendline is currently supporting the iot/usd medium-term uptrend. the pair meanwhile has improved its position concerning its 100h and 200h moving average curves. it is now way above them, giving us the sense of an improved buying sentiment in the market. the rsi and stochastic indicators, at the same time, have been attempting weak downside recoveries from the latest upside rally. it is likely we see an extended downside correction from here, establishing support at 38.2% fibonacci retracement of the swing from 0.5168-low to 0.6291-high. from there, we could see price either 1) attempting a bounce back towards 0.6291, the high or 2) extending its downtrend towards levels defined at 50% and 61.8% fibonacci retracements. if the first case comes to be true, we can expect, title=iota price spikes 21 percent after partnership with japanese giant fujitsu, summary=iot/usd Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Trying to Break Down?, bleu=0.0
summarize:last year, bermuda’s premier and finance minister, david burt, launched the blockchain task force. it included a legal and regulatory working group which would ensure that the country creates a blockchain-friendly environment for interested organizations and startups. four months later, burt has come forward with another initiative: to make sure bermuda regulates icos for the first time in blockchain history. in a statement published on the official website, a bill was proposed in front of the parliament. burt spoke about blockchain-related developments worldwide as well as criminal activities recorded in these areas. he noted that even though these violations existed, the technology behind the developments could easily disrupt "traditional methods”. this is why it is important for the government to provide a legal framework. it will ensure that people stay within the limits of the specified regulations while making progress in their projects."icos have been used to enhance existing product and service offerings, title=surging cardano price leads mid-week market rally, summary=bermuda to Regulate ICOs for the First Time in Blockchain History, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency exchange kraken is calling foul on allegations that its tether (usdt) markets are frequently characterized by trading activity commonly associated with wash trading and other forms of market manipulation. last week, bloomberg published an investigative report examining trades involving tether, a "stablecoin” allegedly backed by physical u. s. dollars at a 1:1 ratio. controversy has long swirled around usdt — as well as its creator, the caribbean-based tether — with critics levying accusations that tether operates a fractional reserve, using un-backed tokens to manipulate the bitcoin price. tether’s recently-released "transparency report” has done little to quiet these critics, whose voices have grown louder in the wake of bloomberg’s explosive report, which suggested that, title=kraken strikes back at tether price manipulation claims, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange kraken Calls Out on Usdt Trades, bleu=0.0552
summarize:from $260 billion to $241 billion, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market has dropped by over $19 billion in the past 24 hours, as major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, bitcoin cash, and eos fell by large margins. for a third day in a row, eos, the delegated proof-of-stake (pos) network based on the ethereum blockchain protocol, has recorded the biggest loss amongst major cryptocurrencies. on june 24, eos recorded a loss of 13 percent, while btc, eth, xrp, and bch fell 3.5%, 4.6%, 5.8%, and 8.5% respectively. why the eos fall? the decline in the price of eos can be attributable to a wide array of factors but in summation, the reasons, title=cryptocurrency market drops to $241 billion, eos takes a huge beating, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Drops $19 Billion as ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, and Ripple Fall, bleu=0.0313
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has dropped $9 billion over the past 24 hours after demonstrating a $30 billion increase in valuation from $370 to $400 billion. bitcoin struggle at $8,500the bitcoin price has struggled to surpass the $8,500 mark on throughout may 14, even after surpassing $8,700 on may 13. the market started to recover as the bitcoin price rebounded to the $8,500 and tokens like ontology (ont) recorded gains in the 20 to 30 percent region, but the market failed to sustain momentum at the $400 billion mark. in an interview with the express, cryptocurrency analyst and researcher matthew newton stated that major banks have already invested heavily in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, and the entire cryptocurrency market, echoing a similar stance as steve chiavarone, a portfolio manager at $364 billion investment firm federated investors. in the short to mid-term, newton, title=cryptocurrency market drops $9 billion, bitcoin and major currencies remain volatile, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Drops $9 Billion as Bitcoin Price Struggles to $8,500, bleu=0.0618
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has dropped by more than $30 billion overnight, from $408 billion to $377 billion. major cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, bitcoin cash, eos, and cardano dropped in the 5 to 13 percent region, with bitcoin cash and eos dropping 11 percent and 13.5 percent respectively. bitcoin cash and eostraders have often described bitcoin cash investment as leveraged bitcoin trading because on both the upside and downside, bitcoin cash moves by larger margins. throughout april, as the market continued to recover and bitcoin started to gain momentum in the $9,500 region, bitcoin cash experienced a 10 to 20 percent increase in value quite regularly. however, as the cryptocurrency market started to fall, bitcoin cash began to record losses with significantly larger margins in comparison to bitcoin and ethereum. today, on may 16, bitcoin cash fell by more than 6 percent against both bitcoin and ethereum, which also, title=bitcoin cash and eos drop 13% as cryptocurrency market sheds $30 billion overnight, summary=Bitcoin Cash, eos, Cardano, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Drops to $377 Billion, bleu=0.0241
summarize:the ethereum price fell over 10 percent against the us dollar at the start of this week, establishing fresh lows of 2018. the eth/usd pair has been on a downward trend all this year, much like the other top coins including bitcoin, ripple, and litecoin. at the time of this writing, the pair has experienced a 78 percent drop from its all-time high above 1400-fiat – and still counting. the last 24 hours itself have confirmed the strong selling sentiment with a drastic fall of over 9.5 percent. ethereum, being a dapp platform, is eventually pillared on the success of its derivate platforms. though nothing can be narrowed down to one reason, but it cannot be denied that most of the ethereum-based platforms have failed in 2018. what we could be witnessing these days are people flushing out dumb money, title=ethereum price intraday analysis: ethusd drops to yearly lows, summary=ethereum Price Drops 10% as US Dollar Remains on Downtrend, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the iota price posted a double-digit percentage rally on tuesday following the beta release of a new wallet client for the cryptocurrency. iota price leads large-cap indexiota had entered the day on a slight downslope, eventually declining as far as $1.33 during intraday trading. however, the iota price turned a corner at approximately 3:00 utc and began a sustained rally that carried the token as high as $1.65 shortly before 18:00. at present, iota is trading at just under $1.61, which translates into a $4.5 billion market cap. that move equates to a single-day increase of 15 percent, which was best among cryptocurrencies ranked in the top 10 by market cap. iota price chartnearly one-third of all i, title=iota price rallies after trinity wallet receives beta release, summary=iota Price Rallyes to $1.65 after Beta Release of New Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0403
summarize:can wall street investors manipulate the cryptocurrency markets via bitcoin futures? based on the recent fall in the markets during the week of january 15th, it seems that "yes” is the answer to that question. during the market slump last week, there was some banter on reddit that the crash was going to end wednesday, january 17 at 4:00 pm est when the markets closed the first bitcoin futures contracts on the cboe expired at $10,900 per bitcoin. there was even a countdown posted by one reddit user. while the price of bitcoin did not rocket back up in the immediate aftermath, altcoins started to rebound hours after the futures contracts expired. futures strategy many institutional investors are wise to use the futures contracts to lower the bitcoin price to buy in lower by setting the stop-loss triggers at support levels to push down the price further and further to, title=cryptocurrecy market suffers minor correction, ripple and cardano down 10%, summary=Bitcoin Futures: Can Wall Street Investors Manipulate Cryptocurrency Markets?, bleu=0.0
summarize:the litecoin price extended its rally on thursday, rising 16 percent to briefly crack the $235 barrier and achieve its highest mark in a month. litecoin price rally continuesyesterday, the litecoin price achieved the $200 mark and raised ltc/btc to its highest value in nearly three years. today, litecoin’s bullish advance continued, and ltc rose as high as $236 on bitfinex, notching its highest mark since jan. 15. at the time of writing, litecoin was trading at $219 and boasted a market cap of $12.4 billion. ltc price chartlitecoin’s trading volume remains relatively decentralized, with no single exchange accounting for more than 16 percent of global ltc trading volume. notably, ltc volume has surged on south korean exchange, title=litecoin price cracks $235 as rally extends another 16 percent, summary=Litecoin Price Technical Analysis – ltc, Bitfinex, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap briefly clipped the $300 billion mark on thursday, a phenomenon that occurred as the result of an apparent bear trap in the bitcoin futures markets. source: coinmarketcapfueled by a dramatic bitcoin price rally, the cryptocurrency market cap surged by more than $30 billion, peaking at $301.8 billion before settling back down to a present value of $298 billion. this represents a single-day increase of 12 percent, one of the market’s largest intraday rallies since december. bitcoin price surges as bear trap liquidates shortsthe bitcoin price led the rally, surging more than $1,000 in less than an hour and briefly surmounting the $8,000 checkpoint. at present, bitcoin is trading at $7,740 on bitfinex — a 24-hour gain of 11 percent — and has a market cap of just under $130 billion. bitcoin price chartanaly, title=cryptocurrency market cap clips $300 billion as bear trap liquidates shorts, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Drops to $298 Billion as Bear Trap Liquidates Shorts, bleu=0.0367
summarize:as ccn earlier reported, us president donald trump has banned us citizens from trading in the venezuelan-government backed petro cryptocurrency. this isn’t like a chat ban, though. it’s a law. they have to send some guys after you if you decide to ignore the law, and of course, in this editorial, i don’t mean to suggest that you should. it’s clearly a bad idea to tempt the federal government. yet, it does present us the rare opportunity to discuss the ultimate power of cryptocurrency over the traditional fiat system. while i personally have no stake in venezuela, and thus no particular reason to trade in the petro, aside from potential speculation which i’m willing to forego in the interest of being off the radar of the government, it seems evident to me that anyone who does wish to, title=altcoin markets in ‘purgatory’, will turn bullish late summer: bitcoin bull tom lee, summary=u.S. President Bans Us Citizens from Trading in venezuelan backed petro, bleu=0.0264
summarize:update may 3: alexis ohanian revised his $15,000 ethereum price forecast, telling fortune that he misspoke and meant to say that eth would reach $1,500 in 2018. below is the article as it was originally published. reddit co-founder alexis ohanian said that he predicts the ethereum price will reach $15,000 in 2018, rocketing its market cap into the trillions of dollars and enabling it to surpass bitcoin as the world’s largest cryptocurrency. ohanian, who now works full-time at initialized capital –a venture capital firm he co-founded in 2012 — made this bullish ethereum price prediction during an interview with fortune, explaining that he believes this project has more long-term potential than any other currently-existent cryptocurrency."i still hold a little bit of bitcoin, and i think it has such, title=ethereum price will reach $1,500 this year: reddit co-founder, summary=Reddit Co-Founder Says ethereum Price Will Reach $15,000 in 2018, bleu=0.0446
summarize:over the past 24 hours, the cryptocurrency market has recorded large gains, as every major cryptocurrency including bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, bitcoin cash, and litecoin recovered in value. bitcoin and ethereumbitcoin demonstrated an 11 percent increase in price, moving closer to the $10,000 mark, which analysts often describe as the psychological threshold for the cryptocurrency. as ccn noted in the past, because the market tends to follow the trend of bitcoin in terms of massive volatility, over the past 24 hours, most cryptocurrencies have followed bitcoin’s upward momentum. since yesterday, the price of bitcoin rose from $8,840 to $9,900, by more than $1,000 overnight. the daily trading volume of bitcoin across large cryptocurrency exchanges remain solid, and short-term momentum indicators such as moving average convergence divergence (macd) demonstrates strong short-term momentum for bitcoin. ever since a massive buy volume was recorded at the $8, title=cryptocurrency market records large gains, litecoin surges by 30%, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether: Crypto Market Gains 11 Percent in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0182
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continued their steady advance on monday, with the majority of top 100-coins and tokens rising against the value of the us dollar — and none declining more than 10 percent. the day’s top performer was the ripple price, which rose 17 percent to once again break past dollar parity, though several other cryptocurrencies posted strong gains as well. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap rose approximately $15 billion to $470.7 billion. this represents a single-day increase of more than three percent. bitcoin price eyes $11,500the bitcoin price did not quite keep pace with the index on monday, but the flagship cryptocurrency still rose about two-and-a-half percent to $11,489 on cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex. bitcoin now has a $194.2 billion market cap, which represents a seven-day increase of more than 16 percent and translates into a 41.3 percent market, title=ripple price surges 17% as crypto market makes $15 billion advance, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Continue to Gain as Ripple Price Breaks Past Dollar Parity, bleu=0.0312
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets were mixed on thursday, as the mid-week recovery slowed and many top-tier coins and tokens fell back into the red. ethereum, cardano, and stellar, however, continued to post strong advances even against the backdrop of the sluggish market. source: coinmarketcapthese rallies, though isolated, were sufficient to enable the cryptocurrency market cap to post a minor advance for the day. at present, it is valued at $551 billion, which represents a 24-hour increase of about two percent. bitcoin price holds above $11,100the bitcoin price traded sideways on thursday. after briefly rising as high as $11,734 during the morning hours, the bitcoin price ebbed back to a present value of $11,135, which is roughly where it was trading the day prior. bitcoin now has a market cap of $189.4 billion., title=cardano, stellar prices post strong returns as market makes sluggish advance, summary=ethereum, Cardano, and Stars Continue to Post Strong Advances, bleu=0.0342
summarize:the vechain price (vet) exploded by 30 percent on thursday, headlining a widespread recovery that raised the cryptocurrency market cap by more than $5 billion over the past 24 hours. the cryptocurrency, which serves as the native token of the smart contracts and supply chain management-focused vechain blockchain, had traded below $0.008 during thursday’s early morning hours but began to shoot upwards shortly after 7:00 utc. by 8:00 utc, vechain had crossed the $0.10 threshold, and the token ultimately rose as high as $0.012 during intraday trading before settling back to a present value of $0.01 on binance. even after the surge, though, vet is still down seven percent against the dollar over the past week. nevertheless, this makes it one of the better-performing altcoins ranked in the top 100, with seven-day returns comparable to, title=vechain price explodes 30% as cryptocurrency market extends recovery, summary=vechain Price Explodes 30 percent as Market Cap Rises $5 Billion in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0346
summarize:the valuation of the crypto market has remained above the $250 billion mark, closing july 1 at $255 billion. tokens have performed particularly well, recording gains in the 10 percent region.0x, status, funfair, and aionthe top performers of july 2 were erc20-based tokens 0x (zrx), status (snt), funfair (fun), and aion (aion). zrx demonstrated the largest gain amongst major digital assets and tokens, seeing a 14 percent increase in its value against the us dollar and bitcoin. throughout last week, amidst a drop from $6,500 to $5,800, the price of 0x fell below the 0.00010 btc mark, reaching a montly low. in the past 24 hours, the price of 0x has rebounded to 0.000, title=crypto market remains above $250 billion as 0x, status, and tokens surge, summary=zrx, Status, Funfair, and aion: Crypto Market Remains Above $250 Billion, bleu=0.0731
summarize:the tron price exploded by 94 percent on thursday after the decentralized content distribution platform’s founder teased a major partnership with a publicly-listed company. its token, trx, is up 150% in a 24-hour period at press time. tron price leaps 90 percent on thursdayas reported by ccn sister site hacked, the tron price broached $0.16 this morning, capping off a run that has seen the four-month-old cryptocurrency surge by 400 percent during the first week of 2018. at this level, tron has an $11 billion market cap, making it the ninth most valuable cryptocurrency and ranking it above perennial heavyweights such as dash, monero, and ethereum classic. amazingly, tron is now worth just $1.6 billion less than litecoin, which has started the new year with, title=tron price jumps 150% as founder teases major partnership, summary=tron Price Explodes 94 Percent after Founder Teases Major Partnership with a Public Company, bleu=0.0284
summarize:stellar lumens investors are entering the new year with healthy portfolios and a positive outlook. the asset rose nearly 50% overnight between tuesday and wednesday, raising the price per lumens to $0.83 at press time. stellar knocking on the door of the top 5 clubthis recent surge in investor confidence slung stellar lumens to a $14,966,000,000 market cap, pushing aside dash, iota, nem, and litecoin to overtake the #6 spot on coin market cap. stellar lumens has had a phenomenal run over the course of the holiday season. as of today, the cryptocurrency is up roughly 1000% from its $0.08 valuation at the beginning of the december. throughout the month, it hit all time high after all time high, hitting its newest peak earlier today at $0.88. like ripple, stellar lumens is, title=ripple becomes first cryptocurrency after bitcoin to surpass $100 billion, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Dash, Nem, Ether: Investors Taking a Positive View, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap came within $11 billion of its all-time high on tuesday, signaling that the ecosystem has recovered from the late-december downturn that temporarily caused more than $200 billion in capital to evaporate from the markets. this rally has been altcoin-driven, and, as the bitcoin price continues to languish below $14,000, the flagship cryptocurrency’s market share has reached a historic low. cryptocurrency market cap nears all-time highcryptocurrency valuations climbed a combined $30 billion leading into the first regular business day of 2018, bringing the cryptocurrency market cap to $642 billion. this represented a single-day increase of five percent and placed the cryptocurrency market cap within striking distance of $653 billion, the all-time high it set in mid-december as the bitcoin price approached $20,000. cryptocurrency market cap chart | source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price returns minor, title=stellar price soars 33% on okex listing, up 165% in 7 days, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Nears All-Time High as Bitcoin Price Drops Below $14,000, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ripple price rallied by 20 percent on friday following the announcement that santander had tapped ripple technology for its new blockchain-based payment app. ripple price posts 20 percent rallythe cryptocurrency markets made a unified advance for the second consecutive day on friday, with most coins posting single-day gains in excess of 10 percent. among large-cap coins, none achieved a better return than ripple’s xrp token, which soared by 20 percent to $0.64 after trading as low as $0.51 on thursday. ripple now has a $25.1 billion market cap, which is the largest it has been since mid-march. xrp price chartthe rally correlated with heavy trading volume in asia. four of xrp’s 10 highest-volume trading pairs were against the south korean won, accounting for more than 47 percent of all xrp’s $, title=ripple price swells 20 percent as santander releases payment app, summary=xrp, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: XRP Price Gains 20 Percent, bleu=0.0245
summarize:cryptocurrency prices began to creep back into positive territory after two top us market regulators signaled a cautious approach to cryptocurrency regulation during tuesday’s high-profile senate hearing. securities and exchange commission (sec) chairman jay clayton and commodity futures trading commission (cftc) chairman j. christopher giancarlo spoke before the senate committee on banking, housing, and urban affairs for more than two hours, delivering prepared remarks and answering pointed questions from regulators. as ccn reported, clayton and giancarlo largely stuck to the script during the hearing, calling for "carefully tailored” regulation of cryptocurrency exchanges at the federal level but cautioning legislators against acting too quickly — or with a heavy hand. giancarlo, in particular, conveyed an optimistic outlook toward the, title=cryptocurrency prices make bullish pivot as us regulators signal cautious approach to markets, summary=Cryptocurrency Price Rebounds as US Regulators Signal cautious Approach to Crypto, bleu=0.0411
summarize:the bitcoin price plunged below $10,000 on wednesday as this week’s comprehensive market correction intensified. bitcoin price plunges below $10,000the cryptocurrency markets have been in a free-fall this week, and the downward spiral continued this morning. the cryptocurrency market cap dove below $500 billion, and the bitcoin price sunk as low as $9,663 on bitfinex, marking the first time it has dipped below $10,000 since dec. 1. at present, bitcoin is trading at $10,053 and its market cap is just $170.9 billion, which represents a single-day decrease of 16 percent and a year-to-date decline of more than 28 percent. btc price chartnotably, bitcoin is still trading as high as $10,389 on gdax, a professional order-book exchange operated by bitcoin brokerage firm coinbase, but the flagship cryptocurrency is priced below $10,000 on okex, title=ripple price drops below dollar parity to punctuate 28% skid, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops Below $10,000 as Market Correction Continues, bleu=0.0
summarize:tezos (xtz) is experiencing a period of gains, defying the stalled momentum of the wider cryptocurrency market. as of august 20, the token traded at $1.57, up more than 13 percent in 24 hours, taking it up to number 16 on the coinmarketcap token ranking. coinone listingyesterday august 19, coinone, a south korean exchange, announced on twitter that it would list tezos on aug. 20. (tezos) .–    : 2018 08 20  12 30(kst)–    : 2018 08 20  4(kst) ()     .— coinone (@coinone_info) august 20, 2018a, title=tezos price rallies 13 percent as wider cryptocurrency market slips, summary=South Korea Exchange Coinone to List Xtz on Aug. 20, bleu=0.0
summarize:when arthur hayes has an opinion, he doesn’t tend to mince words. the bitmex ceo and noted pot-stirrer stayed true to form on tuesday when using a few, err, colorful illustrations, he predicted that the ethereum price is on track to plunge to double-digit price levels. writing in bitmex’s "crypto trader digest,” the exchange operator’s semi-regular newsletter, hayes argued that ethereum is a "sh*tcoin” whose price has been buttressed by initial coin offerings (icos) since at least early 2017. increasingly, those investments have come from vcs, who he says will eventually capitulate to the bear market and dump their ether and erc-20 tokens at whatever price they can get. he wrote:", title=‘sh*tcoin’ ethereum price will fall below $100: bitmex ceo, summary=Bitmex’s Arthur hayes: ethereum Price on Track to Drop to Double-digits, bleu=0.0371
summarize:the ethereum foundation will offer grants to qualified teams interested in developing blockchain scalability solutions, vitalik buterin, co-founder of ethereum, announced in a recent blog post. this will become a specialized program alongside a more general grant program the ethereum foundation will soon release. subsidy amounts of $50,000 to $1 million will be available, with possibly more for successful projects. buterin noted two main paths to improving blockchain scalability: the sharding method and the "layer 2” method. the sharding method creates better-designed base layer protocols that sustain the decentralization and security properties of blockchain, but only requires a small portion of nodes to process each transaction, permitting more simultaneous transactions. the "layer 2” method sends most transactions off chain to only interact with the underlying blockchain to enter and exit from the layer 2 system. examples of layer 2, title=interstellar leap: stellar lumens up 50%, surpasses litecoin at $16 billion, summary=ethereum Foundation to Offer Grants for Blockchain Scalability Solutions, bleu=0.0
summarize:if established cryptocurrency exchanges didn’t take notice when commission-free trading app robinhood started offering free cryptocurrency trading earlier in the year, they are likely to now. according to a job advert which appeared on the website of recruitment consultants, greenhouse, robinhood is reportedly working on a cryptocurrency wallet of its own. this would allow robinhood’s customers to move their crypto assets from other wallets and brokerages into the platform without having to sell them first. at the moment for customers of the commission-free investing app to transfer their cryptocurrencies in and out of robinhood they are required to sell them, move the money to the desired platform and then purchase the cryptocurrencies of their choice. new features, new threats to establishmentaccording to the job ad which was first spotted by business insider the commission-free investing app is seeking a ‘crypto engineer’ who will be responsible for, among, title=crypto market remains relatively stable: theta surges 30% as tokens record big gains, summary=robinhood is reportedly working on a ‘Crypto Wallet’, bleu=0.0
summarize:the binance coin and nem prices continued to surge against the us dollar on wednesday, even as other cryptocurrencies posted a near-universal retreat. bitcoin, ethereum lead widespread cryptocurrency retreatit was a dismal day for cryptocurrency traders. the bitcoin price retraced another four percent to $8,812, while ethereum dipped five percent to $667. source: coinmarketcapon the whole, the cryptocurrency market cap index dropped by 3.3 percent, bringing its seven-day decline to $67 billion. however, two cryptocurrencies managed to defy this bearish backdrop and post strong advances against the dollar. nem price rises on coincheck payoutthe first of these was nem, which achieved a solid seven percent increase. at one point, the nem price rose as high as $0.54 during intraday trading, although it has since ebbed to a present, title=binance coin, nem prices continue to surge despite market retrace, summary=Binance Coin and nem Price Surges as Other Cryptocurrencies Retreat, bleu=0.038
summarize:the price of ripple, as shown on coinmarketcap is believed to be down by 30 percent today. but, its actually only down by 10 percent. coinmarketcap fiascoearlier today, without prior notice or any reasonable explanation, coinmarketcap removed the trading price of ripple on south korean cryptocurrency exchanges from the global average calculation of ripple. the removal of south korean rates was controversial, primarily because the well-regulated south korean cryptocurrency exchange market has been accountable for more than 50 percent of global ripple trades over the past few weeks. bithumb, the world’s second largest cryptocurrency exchange with a $2.6 billion daily trading volume, processes $750 million worth of ripple trades alone on a daily basis. the decision of coinmarketcap to suddenly remove south korean rates was questionable because it has removed south korean rates from all other cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, e, title=ripple price isn’t actually down 30%: coinmarketcap removes south korean price, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinmarketcap Removes South Korea’s Ripple from Global Average, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price held above $8,500 on tuesday as the market fought to cement yesterday’s widespread recovery. on monday, the cryptocurrency market cap swelled by $45 billion, with virtually every top-tier cryptocurrency experiencing a double-digit percentage advance against the us dollar. the market ebbed from its intraday high leading into tuesday morning, but it is still valued at $326 billion, which represents a 24-hour increase of four percent. source: coinmarketcapthis recovery has correlated with a decrease in the likelihood that the present g20 summit will produce a meaningful international framework on cryptocurrency regulations, though it is unclear what direct impact this development has had on the market writ-large. bitcoin price hold above $8,500the bitcoin price lagged the index slightly on tuesday, rising three percent to $8,513 on, title=bitcoin price holds above $8,500 as market fights to cement recovery, summary=Bitcoin Price Holds Above $8,500 as Market Struggles to Cement Recovery, bleu=0.1355
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has rebounded over the past 24 hours as many tokens such as eos, ziliqa, 0x, ethos, loom, and icon recorded large gains against both bitcoin and the us dollar. best performer: 0x0x, also known as zrx and the 0x protocol, is an erc20 token based on the ethereum blockchain network that serves as the native cryptocurrency of the 0x protocol, which serves as the base layer of decentralized exchanges such as kyber network. over the past 12 months, the demand for decentralized cryptocurrency exchange has begun to rise rapidly, mostly due to the imposition of strict regulations and policies by leading markets and governments such as the us, south korea, and japan. japan, which is generally acknowledged as a pro-cryptocurrency and blockchain country, has started, title=cryptocurrency market rebounds: bitcoin at $9,400, tokens post large gains, summary=eos, Ziliqa, 0x, Icon: Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds as US, US Regulators Struggle, bleu=0.0272
summarize:cryptojacking has been one of the most significant security threat researchers have been facing ever since cryptocurrencies took off last year. mining requires computational power, and in return, miners are awarded a small amount of cryptocurrency. with cryptojacking, hackers infect machines and secretly use them to mine cryptocurrencies. according to a report by the uk’s national crime agency (nca) and the national cyber security centre (ncsc) titled the cyber threat to uk business,"cryptojacking will likely become a regular source of revenue for website owners.” in february this year, tesla’s website was hacked to mine monero. some website owners have implemented cryptojacking as a source of revenue for them. however, hackers have been targeting websites with inadequate security to implement cryptojacking. in these cases, both the website owner and the users do not know the existence of the malicious, title=ripple, bitcoin cash, cardano drop 5% in crypto market retreat, summary=uk Cyber Crime Agency: Cryptojacking Will Become Regular Source of Revenue for Website Owners, bleu=0.0
summarize:an executive at a prominent ghanaian holding company has urged ghana’s central bank to invest one percent of its reserves in bitcoin. groupe nduom vp urgest ghana’s central bank to invest in bitcoinspeaking with accra-based publication joy business, papa-wassa chiefy nduom — vice president of groupe ndoum — said that bitcoin has grown so large that central banks can no longer ignore its use case as a global reserve asset. citing reports that predict the us dollar will decline against other reserve currencies in 2018, nduom said that usd-heavy african central banks such as ghana should consider purchasing a small amount of bitcoin while it is at a low point relative to the all-time high it set in mid-december."i don’t think it’s a gamble, i, title=ripple market cap surpasses $100 billion as xrp hedge fund goes live, summary=ghana’s Central Bank Should Consider Investing in Bitcoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency prices went south on monday after japan’s financial services agency (fsa) announced that it may conduct on-site inspections of domestic cryptocurrency exchanges in response to coincheck’s $530 million hack. the bitcoin price led the retreat with a five percent decline, and most other top-tier coins followed suit. as a rule, japan has been very welcoming to the nascent cryptocurrency industry, and favorable regulatory policies have enabled the country to become one of the ecosystem’s central hubs. source: coinmarketcapconsequently, the prospect that japanese regulators may take a harder stance against cryptocurrency exchanges could be a contributing factor to today’s moderate decline, which reduced the cryptocurrency market cap to $565 billion. bitcoin price fails to hold above $12,000prior to the downturn, the market had been trading up on the news that stock trading, title=bitcoin price slips into the red as robinhood-fueled rally stalls, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops 5 Percent after fsa to Conduct Inspections of Domestic Cryptocurrency Exchanges, bleu=0.0
summarize:brad garlinghouse, the billionaire ceo at ripple labs, the company that oversees the development of xrp, the $18 billion blockchain network, has said for the first time in public that coinbase should integrate xrp, the native cryptocurrency of the ripple network. ceo says ripple is clearly not a securityin an interview with jeff john roberts from fortune at cb insights future of fintech conference in new york, ripple ceo brad garlinghouse said that xrp is solving problems at scale for institutions and large-scale banks, and coinbase should be interested to participate in it."as we solve problems at scale for institutions, i think it’s in coinbase’s interest to participate in that,” said garlinghouse, adding that xrp is clearly not a security. garlinghouse emphasized that xrp exists independent, title=coinbase should add xrp [and it’s not a security]: ripple ceo, summary=Coinbase Should Integrate xrp, Says Ripple CEO, bleu=0.0261
summarize:within merely 24 hours after recording massive gains and peaking at $450 billion, the cryptocurrency market has fallen, recording a minor correction. major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, and bitcoin cash all fell by over 10 percent. bitcoin and ethereum fall 10%as ccn noted in yesterday’s report, in periods of extreme volatility, the vast majority of cryptocurrencies in the market tend to follow the trend of two major cryptocurrencies: bitcoin and ethereum. this morning, the price of both bitcoin and ether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum network, fell by 10 percent, erasing gains made on february 10. ethereum peaked at $909 less than 24 hours ago, but throughout the rally, the daily trading volume of ether across all major exchanges remained relatively low. consequently, over the past 12 hours, the price of ether, title=cryptocurrency market records minor correction as bitcoin and ethereum fall 10%, summary=Bitcoin, ethereum, Ripple, and Bitcoin Cash Fall 10% as Crypto Market Drops 10%, bleu=0.054
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continued to advance on thursday, but today’s returns were far more muted than the euphoric leap that greeted investors on wednesday. the rally was largely concentrated among large-cap coins, and the bitcoin cash price posted far-and-away the top gains of any top-tier cryptocurrency. altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap added approximately $11 billion, enabling it to once again climb past the $400 billion barrier. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price extends its recoverythe bitcoin price rose for a second consecutive day, eventually reaching a present value of $8,481 on cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex. this works out to a single-day increase of about four percent and provides bitcoin with a market cap of $142.7 billion. bitcoin price chartethereum price targets $850the ethereum price charted a similar course to bitcoin, ending the day, title=bitcoin cash price leads the index as market recovers to $400 billion, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Breaks $400 Billion as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0692
summarize:the ethereum price crossed a major milestone on tuesday, surpassing the $700 mark for the first time in more than a month. the rally was far from an isolated occurrence, as the cryptocurrency market cap achieved an eight percent advance, adding nearly $33 billion to its rapidly expanding waistline. in the past week, the market has added almost $100 billion. source: coinmarketcapat present, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies is $430 billion, which puts the nascent asset class within striking distance of facebook, who incidentally, a recent mit technology review article suggested could take down bitcoin if it made a coordinated effort. bitcoin price continues push toward $10,000the bitcoin price continued to lose market share to its peers, and the flagship cryptocurrency now accounts for just 37.1 percent of the index’s total valuation. nevertheless, bitcoin continued to post a steady advance, rising approximately six percent to $9, title=ethereum price roars past $700 as crypto market value rivals that of facebook, summary=Ethereum Price Crosses $700 as Cryptocurrency Market Gains $33 Billion, bleu=0.1067
summarize:the cryptocurrency market recovery hit a wall on tuesday, forcing the bitcoin price back down to $8,500 and all major coins and tokens into decline as well. source: coinmarketcapthere was no clear trigger for the pullback, which brought an end to the market’s longest rally since december. altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap declined by $18 billion, representing a single-day decrease of about four percent. bitcoin price unable to break through resistance at $9,000late last night, the bitcoin price made another push at $9,000, but — demonstrating the significance of that mark — the rally stalled at $8,999 on bitfinex, after which btc began to tumble. the bitcoin price decline continued throughout tuesday’s early morning hours, and btc eventually hit a low of $8,313 before experiencing a minor bump. at present,, title=ethereum classic price surges amid choppy markets, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $8,500, All Major Coins and Tokens Drop, bleu=0.0
summarize:at the beginning of this week, justin sun’s tron was probably the only top cryptocurrency that recorded massive gains, in contrast to the rest of the bearish market. strong fundamentals, including the tron’s recent acquisition of bittorrent and utorrent, the launch of their tron virtual machine (tvm), and a secret project (announced later as project atlas), combinedly helped trx token rise as much as 10% against the usd. at the same time, leading cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin and ethereum, were stagnant. it seems the hype surrounding the tron announcements is now wearing off. the trx/usd pair on bitfinex has dropped almost 24% since establishing its weekly peak at 0.0409-fiat. in the last 24 hours itself, the pair has witnessed a 6% drop at the time of, title=tron (trx) erases upside rally despite tvm launch hype, summary=Justin Sun’s tron is the Only Top Cryptocurrency to Record Massive Gains, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the ethereum price cracked the $800 mark on friday, as the market shook off impending regulatory concerns to reach its highest point since early march. the world’s second-largest cryptocurrency entered the month below $650 but has gone on a tear in the three days since. that rally continued this morning, and the ethereum price broached $800 on bitfinex shortly before 12:00 utc. at the time of writing, eth was trading slightly below that mark at $799 and boasted a circulating market cap of $79.3 billion. eth price chartthe rally came on the heels of bullish sentiment from reddit co-founder alexis ohanian, who is also a founding partner of vc firm initialized capital. ohanian predicted that the ethereum price will reach $1,500 before the end of the year, title=newsflash: ethereum price bursts through $800 as bulls maintain momentum, summary=Ethereum Price Breaks $800 as Market Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1272
summarize:source: coinmarketcapon tuesday — whether connected to south korea’s new rules or not — the cryptocurrency market cap declined a bit more than five percent to $536 billion, further reversing the market’s weekend rally. bitcoin price falls below $11,000the bitcoin price largely tracked the index for the day, declining just under six percent to $10,526 on cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex. bitcoin now has a market cap of $179.6 billion, which leaves its market share just above 33 percent. bitcoin price chartdespite this decline, however, there were at least two significant industry announcements out of south korea which should bode well for the flagship cryptocurrency over the long-term. first, tech conglomerate samsung confirmed that it is manufacturing asic chips for a cryptocurrency mining hardware producer, which could eventually lead to a diversification of the mining, title=bitcoin price sinks further as south korea’s new cryptocurrency trading rules take effect, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Drops 5 Percent to $536 Billion as South Korea Announces New Rules, bleu=0.0245
summarize:users are increasingly concerned that an exchange claiming to be based in singapore is pulling an exit scam following suspicious trading activity and locked wallets that are now preventing all users from withdrawing funds. on july 11, ccn reported that btc/usd was trading on the wex exchange at over $9,000 despite the global market average being under $6,400. after spiking to $9,000 the bitcoin reportedly traded steadily at $8,000 – over $1,600 more than the global price. usdt/usd also revealed strange anomalies with the stablecoin pegged 1:1 to the price of the us dollar trading at $1.30 on wex. while the opportunity to buy bitcoin at a separate exchange and attempt to sell it for profit on wex was likely tempting to many, there was concern that the trading price may have been deliberately manipulated to draw users into the exchange for an exit, title=cryptocurrency market booms – eos, cardano, stellar and neo post big gains, summary=Singapore Exchange Pulls Exit Scam Following Suspicious Trading Activity, bleu=0.0
summarize:this is the first opinion piece in a four-part series that explores the advent of bitcoin as a store of value and the implications of valuing the cryptocurrency in fiat. in the epic world of google "how to’s” the second most typed "how to” google search for 2017 was: how to buy bitcoin. for a very good reason (i’ll get to it in a second). i’m sure christmas was a great time to explain what bitcoin is, how it works and the many great advantages of distributed ledgers and forms of organizing for many people around the world. because spreading knowledge is like a virus, what happened? a huge growth of folks entering the crypto markets, not only pouring money into bitcoin and ethereum, but also into other altcoins. prices spiked, market value went to the moon and we saw, yet again, records being broken (although, title=cryptocurrency market suffers another major correction as bitcoin, ether, ripple fall, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Update: How to Buy Bitcoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:on previous reports, ccn noted that the $8,200 resistance level is an important threshold to observe given that a drop below the $8,200 mark could lead the bitcoin price back to the $7,900 region. over the past 24 hours, the cryptocurrency market has rebounded as the bitcoin price reached $8,500 and tokens such as tron (trx), airswap (ast) and ontology (ont) recorded gains in the 10 to 20 percent range. ontology, tron, airswapthe majority of tokens in the space have experienced an intensified movement on the downside, mimicking the downward pressure of bitcoin but with larger margins. consequently, even tokens like ont, icon (icx), and 0x (zrx), which have consistently outperformed most major cryptocurrencies throughout april and may, fell substantially. on may 21, most, title=bitcoin price back at $8,500: cryptocurrency market rebounds after poor week, summary=Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $8,200 as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0311
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets extended their recovery on friday, adding $14 billion to inch their way back above the $400 billion threshold. this time, however, it was the ripple price’s turn to lead the rally, and the third-largest cryptocurrency posted a large-cap-best 21 percent increase. source: coinmarketcapat present, the cryptocurrency market cap is valued at $413 billion, representing a 24-hour increase of about four percent. bitcoin price trades sideways as other top coins advancethe bitcoin price ended the day on a sideways trajectory after recovering from sub-$8,000 dip that lasted for several hours. bitcoin is now trading at $8,351 on bitfinex, which translates into a $142 billion market cap. bitcoin price chartthis temporary dip may have been partially-tied to concern that binance — the world’s highest-volume cryptocurrency exchange — had been hacked, as inaccurate rumors, title=ripple price 25% gain headlines crypto markets recovery, summary=Bitcoin Price Rises 21 Percent as Cryptocurrency Markets Recover, bleu=0.0
summarize:the us government has been approved by a federal judge in utah to auction off 513 bitcoin and 512 bitcoin cash seized from an investigation into aaron michael shamo, a dark web dealer.8.5 million salein the upcoming weeks, the government is expected to sell all of the assets seized after the arrest of shamo, including a ford f-350 pickup, bmw 135i, and the millions of dollars worth of bitcoin and bitcoin cash. on may 31, 2017, shamo along with other dark web operators including drew wilson crandall, mario anthony noble, and sean michael gygi were found guilty of conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance, aiding the importation of a controlled substance, intentional adulteration of drugs, use of the us mail in drug traffic, title=bitcoin cash surges to $3,800 in korea amid flurry of mainstream media coverage of roger ver, summary=US Government Auctions 513 Bitcoin and 512 Bitcoin Cash Seized from aaron shamo, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap achieved a new all-time high on thursday, briefly rising above $770 billion amidst a widespread altcoin rally. the ethereum price rode this wave across the $1,000 threshold, while the ripple price appears determined to extend what has been a remarkable rally. after entering the day at $683 billion, the cryptocurrency market cap climbed as high as $772 billion — an intraday increase of 13 percent. following a thursday morning dip, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies is now $753 billion. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price dips below $15,000the rally was accomplished without the help of bitcoin, which posted a daily decline of approximately one percent. this forced the bitcoin price below $15,000, a mark to which it had recovered on tuesday following a report that a prominent silicon valley venture capital firm had made a major, title=ethereum price cracks $1,000 as crypto markets surpass $750 billion, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Reaches $772 Billion as ethereum Price Recovers, bleu=0.045
summarize:an austria-based cryptocurrency startup has completed what it believes to be the first bitcoin atm transaction made using the lightning network (ln). austrian startup coinfinity completes first lightning transaction on a bitcoin atmcoinfinity, which operates out of graz, already held the distinctions of deploying the first bitcoin atm and web-based cryptocurrency trading platform in austria. on tuesday, the company marked another historic achievement, completing the first off-chain bitcoin atm transaction across the lightning network. the transaction was completed in the coinfinity office, and the company posted a german-language video demonstration of the purchase on youtube. lightning adoption speeds ahead despite lack of production releasebelieved to be a potential long-term solution to bitcoin’s network congestion, the second-layer lightning network will allow users to make transactions through off-chain payment channels. ln transactions settle nearly instantane, title=most cryptocurrencies decline by over 15% in market slump: factors and trends, summary=Austria Startup Coinfinity Completes First Bitcoin Atm Transaction on Lightning Network, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap gained $30 billion on tuesday, bolstered by a comprehensive advance that saw more than 80 of the 100 largest coins and tokens rise against the value of the us dollar. the bitcoin price was the day’s headliner, soaring 10 percent to threaten the $11,000 threshold, but a number of other cryptocurrencies posted strong showings as well. source: coinmarketcapthe bullish pivot enabled the cryptocurrency market cap to climb to $461 billion, representing a 24-hour increase of seven percent. bitcoin price rises in wake of poloniex acquisitionthe bitcoin price outperformed the index on tuesday, rising 10 percent to $10,716 on bitfinex. this represented a five-day high for the flagship cryptocurrency. bitcoin now has a $181.7 billion market cap, which translates into a 39.4 percent market share. bitcoin price, title=bitcoin price leads $30 billion market rally, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Gains $30 Billion as 80 Largest Coins and Tokens Rise, bleu=0.0568
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets halted their mid-week slide on friday, with most coins achieving minor advances after enduring significant retraces over the previous two days. the bitcoin price headlined the advance with a march back above $10,000, while ethereum outperformed the index by a considerable margin. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap rose about 1.3 percent for the day. at its present value of $462.7 billion, the market is in an excellent position to challenge the $500 billion threshold over the weekend. bitcoin price recovers past $10,000the minor recovery enabled the bitcoin price to climb back above the psychologically-important $10,000 barrier after briefly slipping below it on thursday. at present, bitcoin is valued at $10,199 on bitfinex, which represents a single-day increase of about 0.4 percent but a six percent increase from its intraday low of $9,583. bitcoin now has, title=bitcoin price recovers past $10,000 as market halts mid-week slide, summary=Bitcoin Price Recovers Above $10,000, Ethereum Outperforms Bitcoin Index, bleu=0.075
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has experienced yet another major correction, as the price of most cryptocurrencies in the global market declined significantly within the past 24 hours. potential factorsripple has declined below the $50 billion region, achieving a monthly low at $1.22. as the $10,000 mark was a psychological threshold for bitcoin investors, the $1 mark of ripple is also an important threshold that led the price of ripple to increase by 33-fold within several weeks. if the price of ripple or xrp cannot sustain itself above $1, the market valuation of ripple could potentially decline further. however, given ripple’s massive following in the south korean market and the large daily trading volumes of xrp on upbit and bithumb, two of the country’s largest cryptocurrency trading platforms, it is highly unlikely that the market valuation of ripple would fall below $40 billion. as of current, the market cap of ripple is less than half of ethere, title=it’s a downer: bitcoin struggles as ripple sinks to monthly low, summary=XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash: Price Analysis – xrp Could Drop Further, bleu=0.0165
summarize:facebook founder and chief executive mark zuckerberg has revealed his intention to study decentralized technologies, specifically cryptocurrencies, as a part of his pledge to ‘fix’ facebook in 2018. on his facebook page, zuckerberg published a message detailing his ‘personal challenge’ – similar to a resolution – for the new year, accompanied by a pledge to study technologies "like encryption and cryptocurrency.”"my personal challenge for 2018 is focusing on fixing these important issues,” zuckerberg wrote, referring to individuals’ rights being impeded by nation states and other concerns brought on by media, government and technology. "[o]ne of the most interesting questions in technology right now is about centralization vs decentralization,” the influential billionaire added, revealing his own reasons to get into technology was its potential to "be a decentralizing force that puts more power in people’s hand,” particularly after the internet, title=bitcoin price barrels past $16,000 as altcoins enter decline, summary=Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to Study Cryptocurrencies as part of ‘Facebook Fix’, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the eos value today surged by more than 21 percent as a result of its decision to launch a voting system, totaling the token’s 7-day gains to almost 55 percent. the eos/usd was trading near 5.3727-fiat at the beginning of the asian trading session. helped by the prevailing bullish sentiment in its own – and across – cryptocurrency market, the pair continued to trend upwards as the session matured. the european session further witnessed a favorable buying sentiment, and eos/usd managed to establish higher high towards 6.5035-fiat. speculators seem to have driven the latest eos rally after taking cues from the blockchain project’s decision to launch their long-planned referendum system. the eos blockchain currently has an account which has $35 million worth of tokens in it. the rule, title=eos price jumps on referendum system proposal, gains 55% in 7 days, summary=eos/USD Gains 55 Percent as Blockchain Project Launches Voting System, bleu=0.0341
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets succumbed to another mid-week slump on wednesday, with the majority of top-tier coins posting minor declines. meanwhile, bitcoin dominance rose to a two-month high as investors continued to consolidate their holdings back into the flagship cryptocurrency. source: coinmarketcapat present, the cryptocurrency market cap is valued at $452.4 billion, down from $459.6 billion on tuesday. this represents a single-day decline of approximately two percent. bitcoin price sinks after brief rally past $11,000the bitcoin price had entered the day on an upward trajectory, and it continued to ride this bullish wave past the $11,000 barrier, eventually rising as high as $11,065. however, bitcoin met resistance at that mark, and before long, the bitcoin price began to retrace. ultimately, the bitcoin price plunged more than $400 on bitfinex and is currently trading at $10, title=bitcoin dominance hits two-month high as crypto market declines, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Succumb to Mid-Week Decline as Investors Reinvest in Bitcoin, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the bitcoin price made a bullish leap on friday, crossing $16,000 to reach its highest point of the year. the ripple price, meanwhile, declined nearly 11 percent as the weeklong altcoin rally appears to have hit a wall. bolstered by a resurgent bitcoin, the total cryptocurrency market cap rose to a new all-time high above $782 billion this morning and is currently valued at $779 billion — a 24-hour increase of three percent. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price recovers past $16,000the bitcoin price did not have an enviable start to the new year. as altcoin valuations soared, bitcoin remained unable to break past $15,000, and it appeared helpless to prevent ripple, ethereum, and company from chipping away at its market share, which reached a historic low this week. on friday, however, the, title=ripple price slides 13% as coinbase quashes rumors of imminent listing, summary=Bitcoin Price Recovers Past $16,000 as Altcoin Market Hits a Wall, bleu=0.0339
summarize:blockchain startup ripple has inked a partnership with money transfer service lianlian international to process real-time cross-border payments into china. ripple inks deal with lianlian international for cross-border payments to chinaunder the terms of the deal, the hong kong-based lianlian will adopt xcurrent, ripple’s enterprise blockchain product, which the san francisco-based firm advertises as an instantaneous settlement solution."cross-border payments related to china’s e-commerce market reached $1.07 trillion in 2017. there is a huge opportunity to make these payments quicker and more cost-efficient,” said emi yoshikawa, ripple’s director of joint venture partnerships. "with ripplenet, lianlian will now be able to provide merchants and consumers with on-demand payments, which they weren’t able to before. we look forward to, title=bulls are back in town: cryptocurrency market cap achieves $89 billion recovery, summary=Chinese Cryptocurrency Startup Ripple Partners with Money Transfer Service lianlian, bleu=0.0
summarize:tezos, a cryptocurrency that launched its crowdsale in july 2017 with the promise of being the first "self-amending” cryptocurrency, posted a 10 percentage point gain in the last 24 hours, a sign that it is recovering from some recent setbacks. today’s bump could reflect a stabilization following the hit that the tezos price experienced as a result of its internal disputes and class action lawsuits related to its ico, which raised $232 million. source: coinmarketcapthe price was $1.56 at 4:39:11 utc today and reached $1.90 at 4:49:11 utc, according to coinmarketcap. the price was $2.07 on july 28 before slumping to $1.56. stabilization following setbacks? the tezos price has been improving since hitting a low of $1., title=tezos price spikes 10% in 24 hours, signaling recovery from recent setbacks, summary=tezos Price Gains 10 Percent in 24 Hours, Could Recover from Recent Setbacks, bleu=0.0747
summarize:blockchain insider is a new column dedicated to interviewing leaders in the blockchain world. these include founders, traditional industry veterans turned ico participants and everything in-between. the weekly interviews will cover a wide range of questions and try to explore the motivation behind blockchain-based ideas and the problems blockchain technology is being used to solve. in 2017, cryptocurrency exchanges saw more users than some of the world’s largest investment brokerages. the reality is crypto exchanges can be daunting first-time users. deposits, account verification, fees, various coins and wallets make up just a few aspects of the necessary learning curve. unlike most exchanges, coinlion is building an exchange that is dedicated to a simple user experience, with a social component that is centered around information sharing. the result is a platform that will include portfolio management, content education, and community incentives. following a deep dive review on hacked, i had the, title=bitcoin price rings in the new year above $13,500 as ripple stumbles, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinlion Launches Simple User Experience with Social Component, bleu=0.0
summarize:editor’s note: the article has been amended to remove previously erroneous reporting of a twitter scammer purporting to be vitalik buterin. we sincerely apologize to mr. buterin and our readers for the flagrant mistake. blockchain veteran vitalik buterin, co-founder of the ethereum network behind no. 2 cryptocurrency by market cap eth, is a realist. while last year may have put cryptocurrencies on the map, buterin brings up the risk/reward profile. he doesn’t want investors to have false illusions about pie-in-the-sky returns without identifying any of the risks. meanwhile, the eth price has advanced nearly 40% since feb. 5. buterin took to twitter, which is often his soapbox platform of choice, to seemingly tout the merits of traditional investments at the expense of cryptocurrencies but only, title=ethereum founder buterin: ‘traditional assets are safest bet’ for life savings, summary=Cryptocurrency Scammer Claims to Be Vitalik Buterin, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin cash price leaped by 19 percent on monday, headlining a tepid market advance which saw most large-cap cryptocurrencies struggle to tread water. source: coinmarketcapafter beginning the day at $389.6 billion, the cryptocurrency market cap made a $10 billion advance, briefly crossing the $400 billion threshold before dipping back down to $399.3 billion at the time of writing. this represents a single-day increase of 2.5 percent. bitcoin price holds below $9,000the bitcoin price appeared poised to reclaim the $9,000 mantle, and it flirted with this checkpoint throughout the weekend. however, the flagship cryptocurrency failed to assemble sustained support at this level and has settled down to a present value of $8,903 on bitfinex. bitcoin price chartbitcoin now has a $151.4 billion market cap, which represents a 24-hour decline of one-quarter-of, title=bitcoin cash price leaps 19% while other large-cap cryptos flounder, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Leaps 19% as Cryptocurrency Market Cap Drops, bleu=0.075
summarize:steem price experienced a 50 percent rally after market research firm weiss ratings assigned steem a b- grade, making it one of only five cryptocurrencies to achieve a rating higher than a c+ and ranking it ahead of bitcoin. steem price mounts 50 percent rallysteem, the blockchain-based social media platform co-founded by serial entrepreneur dan larimer, had a relatively quiet 2017. like most cryptocurrencies, steem experienced significant appreciation throughout the year, but it largely lagged the market index during the fourth quarter — until december, that is. during the final month of the year, the steem price exploded, leaping from $1 on dec. 1 to a new all-time high of $7.31 on jan. 3, fueled largely by heavy trading volume in south korea. the rally was, title=steem price mounts 50% rally after ratings firm issues bullish grade, summary=steem Price Rallys 50 Percent after weiss Ratings Give it a B+, bleu=0.0407
summarize:cryptocurrency portfolio manager brian kelly has been touting bitcoin cash for weeks, and now he’s doubling down on his bullish call. bitcoin cash outperformed other leading digital currencies, the latter of which have taken it on the chin in recent weeks. the bitcoin cash price advanced 6% over the last month compared to declines of 5%, 9% and 11% for bitcoin, litecoin and ripple, respectively. kelly on cnbc made the case for bitcoin cash. kelly, the founder of investment firm bkcm, believes that bitcoin cash has more room to run, and he’s outlined the catalysts for the bullish outlook."proposed development fund”"could give cryptocurrency more use cases”"highlights centralization of miners”to take each of the catalysts in more detail, miners of bitcoin cash, title=crypto investment manager touts 3 catalysts for bitcoin cash bull run, summary=brian kelly: Bitcoin Cash Has More Room to Run, bleu=0.0
summarize:matt hougan has made a career shift from etfs to cryptocurrencies. he jumped from the traditional fund market to a cryptocurrency index-fund manager, a market he described to bloomberg as a "generationally significant opportunity with interesting challenges.”he joins san francisco-based bitwise asset management as vice president of r&d. he made a splash with his call that cryptocurrencies are on their way to being a multi-trillion dollar market, though he admits to bloomberg cryptos remain an "early-stage technology” that could be a bumpy road at times."the pathway to $1 trillion eventually is fairly certain. how we get there is going to be volatility and uncomfortable. i think we’ll get there pretty soon, though. i wouldn’t be surprised if we ended the year with a cumulated market, title=bitwise exec predicts trillion dollar crypto market cap this year, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Investing in Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price saw a moderate bounce on tuesday, as the impending conclusion of tax season in the us suggests that an important source of sell pressure will be eliminated from the markets. as ccn reported, many analysts attributed the first-quarter sell-off in part to the fact that traders and investors were forced to sell cryptocurrency holdings to cover tax liabilities incurred in 2017. by tuesday evening, most tax returns will have been filed, so — aside from the few stragglers who may file for an extension — the market should see a prolonged respite from tax-based selling. source: coinmarketcapon tuesday, the cryptocurrency market cap received a $5 billion bump and is currently valued at $331 billion. that works out to a single-day gain of about two percent. bitcoin price recovers past $8,000the bitcoin price traded sideways, title=tax day bounce? bitcoin price crosses $8,000 as sell pressure fades, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Receives $5 Billion Bump as Tax Season Closes, bleu=0.0371
summarize:the nem price surged 16 percent on tuesday, defying the bearish trend that characterized every other top-tier cryptocurrency. nem price surges 16 percent as other top coins tumbleit was a disappointing day for cryptocurrency investors, as 97 of the top 100 coins posted single-day declines. however, the nem price (xem) not only resisted this bearish trend — it actually managed to achieve a double-digit percentage increase against the us dollar. at present, nem is trading at $0.44 on poloniex, which is roughly in line with the token’s global average. nem has a market cap of just under $4 billion, which makes it the 11th-largest cryptocurrency according to this metric. xem price chart | source: tradingviewnem trading volume is currently heavily concentrated in asian markets, with the majority of, title=nem price jumps 16% as other top coins tumble, summary=nem Price Surges 16 Percent as Other Top Cryptocurrencies Fall, bleu=0.0552
summarize:the ethereum price managed to swim against the current on monday, posting a minor increase even as the wider markets — led by bitcoin and ripple — endured a moderate correction that appeared worse than it really was. cryptocurrency market cap takes eight percent ‘hit’ as coinmarketcap excludes korean datathe cryptocurrency market cap had made steady advances during the first week of 2018 and had climbed as high as $830 billion on sunday. however, it took an eight percent hit this morning, forcing the combined value of all cryptocurrencies down to $755 billion. source: coinmarketcapmost of that movement occurred at approximately 5:00 utc, when market data aggregation outlet coinmarketcap ceased to factor data from south korean exchanges into its pricing algorithms. since korean exchanges tend to price coins and tokens at significant premiums — often 25 percent or more —, title=ethereum price swims against the tide as other top coins retreat, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Takes 8 Percent ‘Hit’ as Coinmarketcap Excludes South Korean Data, bleu=0.0309
summarize:leading cryptocurrencies are all trading in the green today, as ethereum takes the recent development of a possible regulatory crackdown in stride. after falling from the $1,000 level to as low as $300 this year, ethereum has been on the comeback trail. that momentum could have been marginalized by reports that us regulators are considering classifying the no. 2 digital currency by market cap as a security, similar to how they view the tokens that enter the market through initial coin offerings (icos). meanwhile, just last week us securities and exchange commission chairman jay clayton basically put the kibosh on the notion that bitcoin could be a security. but ethereum has emerged largely unscathed by those reports, and its return to near the $700 level is a good technical indicator, according to fundstrat global advisors’ robert sluymer, title=‘buy the pullback’ in bitcoin, ethereum: fundstrat’s sluymer, summary=ethereum’s return to $700 is a good technical indicator, says fundtrat analyst, bleu=0.0284
summarize:the development team behind bitcoin gold has released an update on last week’s 51 percent attack, which the attacker weaponized through a double spend attack to steal funds from cryptocurrency exchanges. published on thursday, the update confirmed that the attacker had gained majority control of the network’s hashrate and used that control to reorganize the blockchain and reverse transactions. in this case, the attacker made deposits at cryptocurrency exchanges, traded the coins for btc or another coin, and then withdrew the funds. next, the attacker used their dominant computing power to force the rest of the network to accept falsified blocks that reversed their initial deposits and caused these funds to vanish from exchange-controlled wallets. as ccn reported, an address associated with the attacker had sent itself more than 380,000 btg in a series of transactions consistent with double spending behavior. it’s not clear how many, title=bitcoin gold responds to recent double spend attack, summary=Bitcoin Gold Releases Update on 51 Percent Double Spend Attack, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency exchange bithumb claims that it has recovered nearly half of the funds stolen in a recent high-profile hack at the south korean trading platform. as ccn reported, hackers breached bithumb’s online hot wallets on june 20, making off with approximately 35 billion krw ($31 million) before the exchange operator was able to transfer its remaining hot wallet assets to offline cold wallets. the seoul-based company on thursday announced that it had already recovered more than 45 percent of the stolen funds, reducing the value of the still-missing funds to just under 19 billion krw ($17 million) as of june 27. source: bithumbbithumb said that the recovery was made possible through coordination with other cryptocurrency exchanges located throughout the world. presumably, these exchanges seized the funds when the, title=augur price scales the charts as mainnet launch looms, summary=Bithumb Recovers Nearly Half of the Funds Stolen in South Korea Hack, bleu=0.0339
summarize:chinese police in the northeastern port city of tianjin have reportedly confiscated 600 bitcoin mining computers in a case of alleged electricity theft. the bitcoin mining equipment was seized after the local power grid operator reported an abnormally high spike in electricity consumption, china’s state-owned press agency xinhua reported on wednesday. the power company observed sudden increases in power loads, the report revealed, up to 28 percent at peak consumption. a subsequent investigation revealed a junction box that had been allegedly tampered with by bitcoin miners who short-circuited the mains to avoid charges. the city’s police have detained an individual and investigating five others for their alleged involvement in the bitcoin mining operation."eight high-power fans were also seized,” xinhua quoted tianjin’s police as stating, adding that "it was the largest, title=ethereum price leads morning retreat as market dips below $400 billion, summary=Chinese Police Seize 600 Bitcoin Mining Computers in alleged theft case, bleu=0.0
summarize:a reckoning coming to the cryptocurrency markets, an "extinction-level event” that’s poised to wipe out 90 percent of the more than 1,800 coins and tokens that aren’t named bitcoin. that’s the prognostication of xapo president ted rogers, anyway, who said that the impending altcoin bloodbath will provide discerning investors with an incredible opportunity to load up on bitcoin at a discount."we could be in the midst of the extinction-level event for "cryptoassets” that many maximalists have predicted. 90%+ of @coinmarketcap list will disappear eventually – might as well happen now,” rogers wrote on twitter. "meantime, lower btc price means incredible opportunity to buy more #bitcoin.”we could be in the midst of the extinction-level event for "cryptoassets, title=90% of cryptocurrency market facing ‘extinction-level event’: xapo president, summary=xapo President: 90%+ of Cryptocurrency Markets Will Disappear Soon, bleu=0.0852
summarize:the litecoin price posted a lonely decline on tuesday after litepay’s much-anticipated debit card launch was scrubbed at the last minute and delayed indefinitely. litecoin price makes lonely retreatthe cryptocurrency markets continued to shake off their weekend slump on tuesday, and most large-cap cryptocurrencies posted strong returns against the us dollar. but while the cryptocurrency market index rose by seven percent, litecoin became the lone top 15-cryptocurrency to post a single-day decline. at present, the litecoin price is $217 on cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex, which represents a single-day decline of four percent and translates into a $12.1 billion market cap. ltc price chartthe largest slice of litecoin trading volume is concentrated on okex, which accounts for more than 31 percent of all, title=litecoin price posts lonely decline as litepay debit card launch fails, summary=Litecoin Price Takes a Long Time to Recover After Debit Card Launch Announced, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap added $50 billion on wednesday, rebounding from a correction that caused it to dip as low as $415 billion last week. the rally lifted the bitcoin price above $11,000, while ripple, cardano, stellar, and neo all posted double-digit percentage advances. source: coinmarketcapat present, the cryptocurrency market cap is valued at $551 billion, which represents a single-day increase of 10 percent and a $136 billion recovery from last week’s low point. bitcoin price floats past $11,000the bitcoin price posted a strong performance on wednesday, rising nine percent to a present value of $11,360 on bitfinex. this extended the rally that began on tuesday afternoon, immediately after the flagship cryptocurrency made a brief foray into sub-$10,000 territory. at present, bitcoin has a market cap of $192.4 billion, title=cryptocurrency market cap adds $50 billion as ripple, stellar, and neo surge, summary=Bitcoin Price Rises 10% to $11,360 as Cryptocurrency Market Cap Rebounds, bleu=0.0315
summarize:the cryptocurrency market experienced yet another minor correction earlier today, after an initial decline in value on january 21. many major cryptocurrencies in the market with the exception of several digital assets fell by around 10 percent in value, with ripple recording a 10 percent loss and bitcoin cash demonstrating a 8.5 percent drop in price. bitcoin and ethereum fell by just over 6 percent, by a margin smaller than the majority of cryptocurrencies in the global market. because bitcoin and ethereum have significantly larger market valuations and daily trading volumes in comparison to other cryptocurrencies, bitcoin and ethereum tend to decline or increase by smaller margins, showing a lower level of volatility. ever since the cryptocurrency market experienced a major correction in early january, the market has struggled to recover back to their previous all-time highs (aths). bitcoin, bitcoin cash, and ripple are all down around 50 percent from, title=cryptocurrency market falls again as ripple, bitcoin cash, et al. fall 10%, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether: Market Recovers After Major Decline, bleu=0.0216
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets achieved a near-comprehensive advance on friday, bolstered by several reports that south korea was not currently seeking a blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading. the ripple price headlined the day after moneygram revealed that it would adopt xrp in an open-ended pilot, while every other top 15-coin or token rose against the dollar as well. these rallies combined to lift the cryptocurrency market cap by nearly $40 billion, from $673 billion on thursday to $712 billion today — a 24-hour increase of six percent. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price flirts with $14,000the bitcoin price rose about three percent for the day, bringing it close to $14,000 on all major exchanges. on bitfinex, the bitcoin price briefly surpassed that mark this morning but had subsided to $13,852 by the time of writing, although the flagship cryptocurrency’, title=ripple price earns moneygram bounce as market recovers from mid-week dip, summary=Bitcoin Price Nears $14,000 as Cryptocurrency Market Gains Near-Comprehensive Gain, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the tron price posted a double-digit percentage rally on monday, as the much-hyped project moved within 10 days of its official mainnet launch. tron price posts double-digit rallythe trx token had entered the day trading close to $0.0685 on bitfinex, after which it began a steady rally that quickly carried it past the $0.07 and $0.08 thresholds in quick succession. at one point, the tron price rose as high as $0.084, though it has since experienced a slight pullback. at present, the tron price is trading at $0.0811, which represents a single-day gain of 11 percent and translates into a $5.4 billion market cap. this leap enabled it to advance to ninth in the market cap rankings, moving it past 10th-ranked iota. notably, trx is the only top 10-cryptocurrency to, title=tron price surges 11 percent ahead of mainnet launch, summary=tron Price Gains 11 Percent, Moves Past 10th-Ranked iota, bleu=0.0499
summarize:the stellar price surged 28 percent after cryptoasset hedge fund manager and cnbc contributor brian kelly said that xlm could be the "next coin to surge.”stellar price leaps 28 percentthe stellar price entered 2018 knee-deep in a breakneck 338 percent rally, rising as high as $0.92 on jan. 4 after trading at $0.21 just one week prior. ultimately, however, xlm failed to reach dollar parity, and the token endured a 53 percent correction that reduced its price below $0.44 on jan. 11 during intraday trading. on friday, however, the stellar price leaped out of its week-long rut and began to scale the charts more quickly than any other top 10-cryptocurrency, save eos. at present, the stellar price is trading at $0.68 on bittrex, which represents a, title=‘next coin to surge’: stellar price soars 28% after hedge fund manager pump, summary=Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund Manager Says Xlm Could Be Next to Surge, bleu=0.0261
summarize:supporters of litecoin often tout the sixth-largest cryptocurrency as "silver to bitcoin’s digital gold,” but one cryptocurrency says it’s also a diamond in the rough. writing in an eight-page report published on tuesday, etoro senior market analyst mati greenspan argues that the litecoin price is trading at a "massive discount to what it should be worth.”greenspan bases this assessment and several technical and fundamental factors. technical featureson the technical side, he notes the importance of litecoin, a proof-of-work (pow) blockchain, being the dominant coin mined using the scrypt algorithm. as long as this remains the case, litecoin will remain highly-resistant to 51 percent attacks since there is not enough surplus hashpower to mount an assault on its network. he also, title=litecoin price ‘massively discounted’: cryptocurrency analyst, summary=etoro Analyst: Litecoin Price is Trading at a “Massive Discount to What It Should Be Worth”, bleu=0.0229
summarize:the tron price strengthened against the u. s. dollar on sunday, helped by strong fundamentals, while the rest of the cryptocurrency market remained stagnant. tron price: technical indicatorsaccording to the data available on bitfinex, tron’s trx token jumped 8.5% against usd, while other top-tier cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin and ethereum, continued to trend sideways. from the technical point of view, trx/usd has already crossed above its near and medium-term moving averages, while the pair’s rsi and stochastic indicators are also indicating a potential upside extension. in the chart below, one can notice the 100h ma trend (represented in blue) crossing above the 200h ma (depicted in red). the crossover indicates a strong bullish sentiment. the trx/usd is now supported by, title=tron price (trx) rises nearly 10% despite stagnant market, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – trx/usd Moving Above 200h Ma, bleu=0.0403
summarize:the bitcoin price saw a bullish bump on wednesday following the publication of a report revealing that legendary silicon valley venture capital firm founders fund was holding hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoin. bitcoin price recovers to $15,000the bitcoin price had entered the new year trading around $13,000, and it fluctuated between that mark and $14,000 until jan. 2 at about 18:00 utc, when it jumped by $2,000 in just two hours. on bitfinex, the bitcoin price rallied as high as $15,500 — its highest point since dec. 27 — although it has since declined back to $15,056. bitcoin now has a market cap of $256.5 billion, which translates into a market share of just under 36 percent. btc price chartthe day’s market movements have resulted in bitcoin volume being concentrated in several trading pairs that are out of the ordinary., title=$700 billion: crypto market hits new milestone as bitcoin price recovers to $15,000, summary=Bitcoin Price Recovers to $15,000 after Fund Holds Millions of Dollars, bleu=0.0903
summarize:pantera capital officials continue to maintain an upbeat outlook for cryptocurrency amidst the current market downturn. in an ico and digital asset funds conference call tuesday, ceo and chief investment officer dan morehead said blockchains are the next step in the evolution of equity, while cryptocurrency is a superior form of currency. he called bitcoin the biggest disruption of this generation. morehead has been a perpetual crypto optimist, having stated that the cryptocurrency market cap could one day be worth $40 trillion. in april, pantera prematurely said that the market had bottomed out and that it was time to go "long” on bitcoin. the recent performance of pantera’s digital asset fund hasn’t dampened pantera’s enthusiasm. since december, the fund is down 23.7%, while bitcoin is down 20.9%. a time to buythe current market, title=if bitcoin is rat poison, the banks are the rats: pantera capital ceo, summary=Pantera Capital CEO Calls Bitcoin the Biggest Disruption of this Generation, bleu=0.0261
summarize:the stellar price rallied by 10 percent on thursday, outpacing its peers as the market recovered from wednesday’s precipitous slump. stellar price embarks on double-digit rallystellar was the market’s clear headliner, and its double-digit percentage advance carried its seven-day performance back into positive territory. xlm is now up three percent for the week. at present, the stellar price is valued at $0.37 on binance after dipping below $0.33 earlier in the day. stellar now has a $7 billion market cap, which ranks it eighth on the market cap charts and gives it a $1.8 billion edge on its closest competitor. xlm price chartstellar trading volume is fairly well-distributed for an altcoin, with no single exchange accounting for more than a quarter of the token’s global volume. that said, a significant amount of x, title=stellar price rallies 10% as market recovers from wednesday woes, summary=xlm Price Recovers from Wednesday’s Decline, bleu=0.0353
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has declined by more than $50 billion over the past 24 hours, as the bitcoin price declined by more than 8 percent and other major cryptocurrencies along with tokens experienced an intensified movement on the downside. bitcoin price at $8,500over the past 24 hours, the bitcoin price has dropped by more than 8 percent mainly due to two major factors: police raid into the headquarters of major south korean exchange upbit and the selloff of 8,000 bitcoin by the mt. gox trustee. as ccn reported, the seoul police along with the korean financial intelligence unit (kiu) and financial services commission (fsc) have initiated an investigation into south korea’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange upbit with allegations of fraud and illicit movement of client funds to the accounts of the exchange’s executives. the local police has yet to release its final report on the case and is expected to confirm its, title=cryptocurrency market sees $50 billion loss, bitcoin price and tokens down significantly, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops 8 Percent as Cryptocurrency Market Declines by $50 Billion in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0489
summarize:the ripple price continued to outperform other top-tier coins as the cryptocurrency markets made slight gains against their previous-day levels. cryptocurrency market cap nears $600 billionfriday’s contribution to the recovery was not as pronounced as the one fate dealt the markets on thursday, but the cryptocurrency market cap nevertheless climbed to $592 billion, a $21 billion gain that works out to an increase of about four percent. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price trades sidewaysthe bitcoin price spent the majority of the day fluctuating between $10,600 and $11,800 and is currently trading at $11,637, placing it toward the higher end of that spectrum. bitcoin now has a market cap of $201.3 billion, which represents a 24-hour increase of two percent. bitcoin price chartethereum price holds above $1,000like bitcoin, ethereum traded sideways on friday but ended the day on, title=ripple price continues to outperform index as market recovers, summary=Bitcoin Price Continues to Outperform Other Top-tier Coins as Cryptocurrency Markets Gain, bleu=0.0403
summarize:the eos price rallied 16 percent on saturday following the release of the blockchain project’s open-source mainnet software, but there’s more to this pump than first meets the eye. eos price makes market-leading 16 percent rallytoday’s eos price surge came as part of a wider market rally, but the token nevertheless managed to outpace every other cryptocurrency ranked in the top 100. eos spent most of the day trading just over the $12.00 mark but began to surge at approximately 6:15 utc on saturday morning. within hours, the eos price had peaked above $14.40 on bitfinex, though it has since declined to a present value of $14.07. eos now has a market cap of about $12.5 billion, ranking it fifth on the market cap charts and $5.2 billion behind fourth, title=eos price pumps after mainnet release, but this rally’s not quite organic, summary=eos Price Surges 16 Percent, Outpaces Every Other Cryptocurrency in Top 100, bleu=0.0367
summarize:speculation surrounding an impending airdrop has propelled the ethereum classic price within range of its all-time high. ethereum classic price flirts with all-time highas ccn reported, the rally began last week, less than a day after etc bull barry silbert warned that it was a mistake to ignore the cryptocurrency. prior to that surge, ethereum classic was trading at roughly $24.50, but by feb. 13 its value had increased to $32. ethereum classic held at that level for the next several days but resumed its climb on monday, when it leaped by more than 20 percent, outpacing all other top 50-cryptocurrencies in what was an otherwise-tepid day for the markets. at the time of writing, ethereum classic was priced at $38.94 on bitfinex, while etc’s global, title=ethereum classic price flirts with all-time high as callisto airdrop looms, summary=ethereum Classic Price Closes to All-Time High, Outpacing Other Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0375
summarize:indonesian authorities, including the central bank, are looking into the use of bitcoin as a currency in various retail establishments across the holiday island of bali. it was october 2017 when bank indonesia, the country’s central bank, issued a public notice outlawing bitcoin as a payment instrument. at the time, central bank governor agus martowardojo issued a threat to bitcoin adopters who defied the authority’s orders, stating "those who use it will be dealt with.”in spite of the warning, bitcoin continued to find acceptance among a large number of businesses in bali, a popular tourist destination island in indonesia. after learning of the activity through social media, bank indonesia (bi) bali office chief causa iman karana revealed a joint operation among central, title=stellar price soars 20 percent after stripe teases support, summary=Indonesia’s Central Bank Investigates Bitcoin Use in Retail Establishments in Bali, bleu=0.0
summarize:most major cryptocurrencies in the global market with the exception of bitcoin cash have struggled to record major gains over the past 24 hours. bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, cardano, and litecoin all demonstrated a slight change in their values, failing to show large price movements. bitcoin cash surgeswhile the majority cryptocurrencies in the market recorded a 1 to 3 percent decline or increase in price, the value of bitcoin cash skyrocketed by 25 percent, leading traders in the cryptocurrency community to suspect a short-term pump. over the past few weeks, throughout the large correction, cryptocurrencies in the global market moved on a similar trend led by bitcoin and ethereum. apart from several rare instances wherein small market cap cryptocurrencies like funfair increased for a brief period of time, the majority of cryptocurrencies in the market moved up and down simultaneously. however, in the past 24 hours, the price of, title=cryptocurrency market struggles to record gains; bitcoin cash spikes 25%, summary=Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Cardano, and Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Key Trends, bleu=0.0
summarize:criticism over newly introduced legislation mandating taxes on cryptocurrency transactions has seen thailand’s tax authority waive a value-added tax (vat) on individual cryptocurrency adopters. first drafted in mid-march, a governmental decree to fast-tracked legislation that enforced taxes on cryptocurrency-related investments came into effect this week on monday. in announcing the government’s proposed tax framework for cryptocurrencies – encompassing all retail trading and returns on investments – thai finance minister apisak tantivorawong previously revealed investors will be required to pay 7% in vat as well as a 15% capital gains tax on returns. however, while addressing media during a press conference on tuesday, thailand revenue department’s director of legal affairs saroch thongpracum said the authority would issue a new regulation, title=cryptocurrency market regains $7 billion as augur and eos prices jump, summary=Thailand’s Tax Authority Waives Value-added Tax on Individual Cryptocurrency Adopters, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price chartthe decline correlated with the start of chinese new year but it is unclear to what extent the events are linked, given that bitcoin surged in advance of the holiday. conventional wisdom, though, suggests that the holiday could lead to some downward pressure on the markets, as regional investors exchange their cryptoasset holdings for fiat to finance their holiday spending. ethereum price charts choppy coursethe ethereum price, meanwhile, charted an incredibly choppy course that saw the second-largest cryptocurrency fluctuate between $906 and $944 before ending the day at $921. ethereum maintains a market cap of $90.9 billion. ethereum price chartbitcoin cash price headlines tepid altcoin marketsthe majority of top-tier altcoins traded sideways on friday, with six of the top 10 cryptocurrencies (, title=bitcoin cash price leads the market as btc retreats below $10,000, summary=ethereum Price Technical Analysis – Top Altcoins Trade Sideways, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bytecoin price has risen sharply for the day, from $0.012075 on close of trading may 13 to $0.012438 on monday. however, the coin’s price has seen a series of odd events and swings since binance announced its listing on may 7. by may 9, bytecoin hit an all-time high of $0.0300, a whopping 343 percent 24-hour price spike. as rumored with new binance listings, cypto enthusiasts saw this as another pump and dump, unsure bytecoin would maintain the gains for long. allegations also circled around the coin’s network and withdrawal issues. by may 11, the price dropped to $0.009889, an extreme that even surprised some of the skeptics. single-day bcn price chartunphased by the criticism, bcn resumed its rally on monday, title=bytecoin price explodes 82% following series of strange events, summary=bytecoin Price Hits All-Time High of $0.0300 after Binance Listing, bleu=0.0446
summarize:what a difference a few weeks can make. just 21 days ago, the bitcoin price was trading above $8,400, riding what appeared to many to be the first wave of a new bull market. the bottom, the analysts said, was in. now, midway through august, bitcoin is fighting just to hold above $6,000. the altcoin markets, meanwhile, have been pummeled to a pulp. the ethereum price is down 18 percent for the day and double that for the week, while the ripple price has now plunged 93 percent from its all-time high. eth/usd | bitfinexspeaking with cnbc, meltem demirors, chief strategy officer at u. k. cryptocurrency investment firm coinshares, attributed the sell-off in part to the difficulty that the industry is having presenting a consistent, attractive narrative to investors.", title=why the cryptocurrency bubble is reminiscent of hodling amazon stock: coinshares cso, summary=ethereum Price Down 18%, Ripple Price Drops 93 Percent from All-Time High, bleu=0.0
summarize:the eos price rallied by 15 percent on tuesday, outpacing its peers amidst a comprehensive market advance. at present, the eos price is valued at a global average of $13.40, up from $11.71 on monday. in the past week, eos has surged more than 50 percent, which is the second-best performance among top 10-cryptocurrencies. notably, this price action has occurred even in the wake of the high-profile eosdac airdrop, whose blockchain snapshot took place on april 15. generally, prices rise ahead of an airdrop and decline once they occur, so it is significant that eos has managed to sustain its advance even after the blockchain snapshot. source: coinmarketcapeos’s rally has correlated with strong trading volume in south korea, where the token currently trade, title=eos price rallies 15% as ‘kimchi premium’ returns in south korea, summary=eos Price Rebounds 15 Percent, Outpacing Other Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0406
summarize:it’s another day in the red for the cryptocurrency markets, as 97 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies have posted 24-hour declines against the us dollar. the bitcoin price headlined the retreat by declining to an 80-day low, and other top coins fared equally as poorly. altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap declined by $52 billion to $363 billion, representing a single-day pullback of nearly 13 percent. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price falls to 80-day lowthe downturn reduced the bitcoin price by another 12 percent, bringing the most prominent cryptocurrency to an 80-day low. at present, the bitcoin price is valued at just $7,660, which translates into a $130 billion market cap. bitcoin price chartnevertheless, as ccn reported this morning, the impending launch of stock brokerage app robinhood’s cryptocurrency trading platform could breathe new life into the markets,, title=cryptocurrency market cap retreats below $400 billion, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to 80-Day Low, Top Cryptocurrency Rebounds 13 Percent, bleu=0.0
summarize:on february 21, the ripple team revealed that ita unibanco, brazil and latin america’s biggest bank by market cap, will use the ripple blockchain network’s xcurrent to process cross-border payments and remittances. ripple’s adoptionmost major banks in south korea and japan led by sbi holdings, one of japan’s leading commercial banks, are utilizing the ripple network’s liquidity platform xrapid to lower operating costs in processing payments between banks and institutions. in the upcoming months, ita unibanco along with a major singapore-based remittance service provider instarem and indian commercial bank indusind will actively utilize ripple xcurrent to settle payments between international financial service providers. the ripple team noted that remittance service providers in large remit, title=brazil and latin america’s largest bank will use ripple to process payments, summary=Ita Unibanco, Instarem and Indusind to Use xcurrent to Process Remittances, bleu=0.0403
summarize:bitcoin price chartbitcoin’s advance has been notable both because it occurred during chinese new year — which often places sell pressure on cryptocurrencies — and because us legislators appear to have formed a bipartisan consensus around regulating cryptocurrencies. that bitcoin continues to rise even against this backdrop is a testament to its growing antifragility in the face of external threats. ethereum price treads water after brief push for $960the ethereum price appeared determined to join bitcoin in its surge, but it ultimately proved less buoyant than its older sibling. after briefly rising as high as $959, ethereum slipped by approximately $25 and is currently priced at $934 on bitfinex. the second-largest cryptocurrency now has a $91.9 billion market cap, which translates into an 18.2 percent market share and represents a single-day decline of about one percent. e, title=bitcoin price soars above $11,600 as bulls strengthen positions, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether, Cardano, bleu=0.0
summarize:cardano lost ground against the us dollar on friday morning before making a moderate afternoon recovery, trading around $0.0935 and going up by 2% compared to the previous session. over the last week, the sellers have been getting less active, and the investors lost less than before. dmitriy gurkovskiy, chief analyst at roboforex, says the major outlook for cardano is currently neutral. technically, cardano is correcting on h3 against the previous descending trend. this correction trend has achieved 23.60% fibo and may continue to 38.20% (0.12073) and 50.00% (0.13227). the current trend support is meanwhile at 0.08319. on h1, there’s a more detailed view on cardano, with a descending channel converging, which could mean a reversal is coming. the key, title=cardano sellers get less active, but risks remain high, summary=Cardano Technical Analysis – Can a Reversal Be Coming?, bleu=0.0
summarize:the market’s mid-week slump continued on thursday, as just three of the index’s 100 largest cryptocurrencies managed to post single-day increases against the us dollar. following the day’s bearish pivot, the bitcoin price is at risk of dropping below $10,000, while other top coins continue to shed market share. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap took a seven percent hit, declining to $445.2 billion after entering the day at $479.6 billion. bitcoin price risks falling into sub-$10,000 territorythe bitcoin price returned an index-matching seven percent decline, which forced the value of the flagship cryptocurrency down to $10,274 on bitfinex. this signifies a more than $1,500 decline since tuesday when the bitcoin price appeared poised to punch past resistance at $12,000. bitcoin now has a $175.2 billion market cap. this translates into a, title=bitcoin price ebbs toward $10,000 as mid-week slump continues, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $10,274 after Index Drop; Other Cryptocurrencies Lose Market Share, bleu=0.0263
summarize:the stellar price reached a two-month high on wednesday evening as it soared by well over 10% on major exchanges to reach a value of $0.33 on bitfinex. although there did not seem to be any particular news today to trigger this spike, the cryptocurrency — more accurately referred to as lumens (xlm) — has been in the news of late with considerable positive developments. xlm’s volume also increased considerably on binance, with over $17.5 million traded as at 10pm gmt. the development from coinbase last week had also seen the stellar price shoot up by as much as 25% over a few days, and with today’s increase, the coin is around 40% up from its low of $0.17 registered in june. stellar price chartthe recent move by coinbase created a wave of positive price appreciation for the currencies, with stellar posting a gain, title=stellar price continues to moon, sees 10% increase in 4 hours, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: Xlm’s Volume Increases to $17.5 Million on Binance, bleu=0.0309
summarize:it’s mt. gox déjà vu all over again. tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange coincheck has announced via twitter that it has halted client withdrawals in all cryptocurrencies with the exception of bitcoin, evoking nightmares of japan’s mt. gox meltdown and sending the top 10 cryptocurrencies lower in the interim. bitcoin was off about 5% even though it’s not included in the suspension. nem, deposits of which were similarly halted, was hit the hardest, down nearly 18%. coincheck promises to provide a "detailed announcement.”lon wong, president of nem.io foundation, tweeted, "it’s unfortunate that coincheck got hacked. but we are doing everything we can to help.” reports suggest that 526 million nem (xem) ($400 million) was stolen in the alleged coincheck hack. won, title=official: japanese cryptocurrency exchange hacked, $530 million nem missing, summary=Tokyo’s Coincheck Shuts Clients Out of Cryptocurrency Deposits, bleu=0.0
summarize:the iota token value on wednesday tumbled by over 20% against the us dollar. the iot/usd pair in july had established a monthly high at 1.254-fiat. but owing to the cryptocurrency market’s poor health, the pair failed to sustain its peak and fell towards 0.881-fiat. the level proved to be a decent support and influenced iot/usd to attempt a successful recovery. the pair, however, formed a consolidation range, never attempting a breakout above 1.254-fiat. on august 3, the iot/usd slipped past its strong support in consequence of poor fundamentals. reports believed price fell due to manipulation on bitfinex exchange. later, sirin labs, creator of a blockchain smartphone and one of the earliest adopters of iot, title=iota price technical analysis: no room for recovery, summary=iota Token Price Technical Analysis – IOT/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0375
summarize:a bullish correction has "rippled” across the cryptocurrency market today, with the ripple price (xrp) leading a widespread altcoin comeback. ripple price marches backthe xrp/usd trading pair on friday jumped more than 16 percent, rising from 0.29065-fiat to 0.32853-fiat. the upside adds up to a 37 percent increase since the pair established its bottom at 0.24711-fiat. at the same time, the xrp market cap is now just shy of $13 billion. xrp/usd | bitfinexthe rally coincides with one of the ripple labs’ latest announcement concerning their plans to strengthen xrapid, a cross-border banking solution. the company named three "preferred” exchanges as their partners – bittrex (usa), bitso (mex, title=ripple price (xrp) records 16% rally as cryptocurrency market booms, summary=xrp, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Recovers After Bullish Correction, bleu=0.0229
summarize:bitcoin and ethereum, two of the most valuable cryptocurrencies in the global market, have led the cryptocurrency market to surpass $450 billion and based on the current trend, it is likely that the market crosses the $0.5 trillion mark within may. ether up 11%ether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum blockchain protocol, has increased by more than 11 percent against the us dollar and 6 percent against bitcoin. the market valuation of ether has increased to $79 billion and is en route to cross $80 billion in the next 24 hours. the rapid increase in the price of ether is said to have been fueled by the analysis of respected experts and analysts who have emphasized that ether is not a security under the laws of the us securities and exchange commission (sec). ethereum co-founder joseph lubin, who oversees a large-scale blockchain development studio consensy, title=bitcoin and ethereum gains spur cryptocurrency market beyond $500 billion, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Price Analysis – Could Overtake $0.5 Trillion, bleu=0.0182
summarize:the eos price headlined the large-cap cryptocurrency index on wednesday after one of its chief architects proposed scrapping its controversial constitution and replacing it with a new one. eos price leads large-cap indexoverall, the cryptocurrency markets held relatively stable for the day, with the aggregate market cap dropping by about $1.2 billion over the past 24 hours. against this backdrop, the eos price managed to mount a 5.4 percent recovery. at present, eos is trading at an equivalent of $8.13 on binance, with a circulating market cap of $7.3 billion. while this movement may at face value appear muted, it constituted the best single-day performance of any top-40 cryptocurrency, and it was fifth-best among coins in the top 100.24-hour eos price chartmoreover, though not exactly phenomenal, this outsized performance was a welcome change, title=eos price bounces as creator proposes scrapping constitution, summary=eos Price Tops Large-Cap Cryptocurrency Index after Chief Proposal to Scrap Constitution, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the cardano price posted a lonely advance on monday, as the wider cryptocurrency markets slouched into an early-week slump and the bitcoin price sunk below $8,000. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap shed about $13 billion, declining to $322 billion from $335 billion on sunday for a single-day decline of 3.9 percent. bitcoin price sinks back below $8,000 after raid sell-offthe bitcoin price set the tone for the day, and that tone had not initially sounded quite so sour. on sunday, bitcoin roared into the new week with a dramatic run to $8,400, a mark it traded near until monday morning when a rapid sell-off drove the bitcoin price down to $7,900. bitcoin price chartat present, bitcoin is priced at $7,973 on bitfinex, representing a 24-hour decline of just, title=cardano price leads lonely advance as bitcoin retreats below $8,000, summary=Cardano Price Recovers as Cryptocurrency Market Drops 3.9 Percent, bleu=0.0382
summarize:the price of ether, the native cryptocurrency of ethereum, has surged by more than 15 percent overnight, achieving a new all-time high at $1,266. new all-time high at $1,266four days ago, on january 4, ccn previously reported that the price of ether established a new all-time high at $1,000, surpassing the $1,000 for the first time in its two-year history. the market valuation of ethereum surpassed a staggering $100 billion, becoming the third cryptocurrency to do so apart from bitcoin and ripple. merely four days later, on january 8, ether demonstrated another major increase in value, reaching $1,266 across all global exchanges such as binance and bittrex. the latest rally of ether has been led by the south korean market and leading cryptocurrency exchanges within it, including bithumb,, title=ethereum surges 15% to new historic high, trading over $1,800 in south korea, summary=ethereum Price Hits New All-Time High at $1,266, bleu=0.026
summarize:the chinese government has released its third round of public blockchain rankings, and eos — the fifth-largest cryptocurrency by total market cap — once again reigned supreme. eos tops china’s blockchain rankings for second-straight monththose rankings, published by the state-backed china electronic information industry development (ccid) and released this week, evaluated public blockchain networks according to three metrics, roughly translated as technology, applicability, and innovation, which were then compiled into an overall index score. though scoring below its peers on applicability (middle column), eos led the rankings with an index score of 145.6 due to strong showings in both the technology (left column) and innovation (right column) categories. the evaluators are clearly impressed with eos’ consensus algorithm, which utilizes a delegated proof-of-s, title=eos leads china’s blockchain rankings again, bitcoin still out of top 15, summary=eos Tops China’s Blockchain Rankings for Second Month in a Row, bleu=0.0312
summarize:the tron price (trx) lost a good deal of its value over the last three days. on friday, july 20, tron is trading at $0.0349, losing around 8% in 24 hours. technically, trx is trading within a range on d1, with the major support at $0.0230, and the resistance at $0.1004. in the midterm, tron is trading within a descending channel, trying to reach the major support. meanwhile, the stochastic is converging, which signals a possibility of ascending correction. this will be confirmed once the resistance of the current channel gets broken out. the correction potential can be measured by fibo levels, with the major targets at 23.6% (0.0476), 38.2% (0.0577), and 50.0% (0.0650). in the short term, the tron price is pulling back after testing the midterm, title=tron price (trx) still going down, but technicals show positive future, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis for july 20, 2018, bleu=0.0325
summarize:beyond the primary functions of these tokens, they all have the inherent capacity to serve as investment vehicles and elements of transfer of value. this capability is based on the basic economics of demand and supply. hence platforms that are popular and attract more users naturally find their tokens rising in value within the marketplace. this is the fundamental idea behind speculation and trading within the cryptocurrency market and the volatility that exists therein, title=the fundamental principles of utility tokens in the blockchain ecosystem, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Remains Volatility-Free, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ethereum classic price continued its inexorable rise on thursday afternoon as it reached $17.71 on cryptocurrency exchange binance — a single-day increase of 7%. there could be several factors which are affecting this price movement. the principal one is the listing on coinbase, which was something of a surprise when it beat other contenders such as ripple’s xrp token to the finishing line. turnover has also increased quite substantially in the past days where the price climbed from a low of around $13.50 to $17.74 of now and appears to be still rising. still, the listing on coinbase has been announced some time ago, and etc still continues to skyrocket, gaining over 20% over the past 48 hours. if it continues rising in this manner then we could be back over the psychologically significant $20 mark with a push towards a two-month, title=ethereum classic price defies bear market in single-day rally, summary=ethereum Classic Price Continues to Rise as Binance Announces $17.71 Listing, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the vechain price (vet/ven) rose nearly 10 percent on tuesday, even as the wider cryptocurrency market struggled just to tread water amidst declining trading volume. vechain price doubles in just one weekthe cryptocurrency, the native token of the eponymous iot-focused vechain platform, has been one of the market’s top performers in august, as ccn has already reported. the vechain price continued its climb on tuesday, rising approximately 9.5 percent for the day, even as no other top 20-cryptocurrency managed to make gains against the us dollar. vet is now up an astounding 107 percent for the week, providing it with a circulating valuation of $849 million at $0.015 per token and the 19th spot in the market cap rankings. vet/usdt | binancethe vast majority, title=vechain price extends recovery as market awaits [another] bitcoin etf ruling, summary=vechain Price Rises 10% as Cryptocurrency Market Struggles, bleu=0.0364
summarize:now, pretend you are in davos sitting among the world’s financial elite. you face a panel made of renowned central bankers. you slowly raise your hand and ask the million dollar question: "can anyone tell me what bitcoin is?”. after a moment of stunned silence, the whole audience roars with laughter. as the laughter subsides, the "masters of the universe of debt”, will start the usual tirade: it s a fraud (j. dimon), don’t know...but it will end badly (w. buffett), it s only a speculative bubble (r. dalio), it s a ponzi scheme, it s backed up by nothing, it s nothing at all... and so on. so what is bitcoin? the position of the regulatorson january 8th, the, title=cryptocurrency market rebounds after major correction as bitcoin and cardano record gains, summary=Bitcoin is a speculative bubble, backed up by nothing, but it’s nothing at all, bleu=0.0
summarize:the tron price surged more than 17 percent on tuesday amid reports that founder justin sun is now in the final stages of closing a deal to acquire peer-to-peer protocol developer bittorrent. tron founder justin sun to acquire bittorrent for $140 millionrumors about the acquisition had circulated for weeks, but several disputes — including allegations that bittorrent had violated a no-shop clauses — had hampered the negotiations. however, techcrunch is now reporting that sun and tron have agreed to acquire bittorrent for $140 million and that approval documents have already been distributed to shareholders. neither sun nor tron has publicly revealed how they intend to use bittorrent, which claims to have approximately 170 million users, but it’s likely that the network will leverage the peer-to-peer file distribution architecture as it seeks to build, title=tron price pumps following bittorrent acquisition, summary=tron’s Justin Sun to Acquire Bittorrent for $140 Million, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continued to sour on thursday, as the first quarter’s bearish wave continued to reverberate throughout the nascent industry. a variety of altcoins sunk to year-to-date lows and large-cap coins like ethereum and ripple were not immune from the bloodbath. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap shed another $17.8 billion — a daily decline of six percent — reducing it to a lean $281.3 billion and placing the $300 billion threshold further out of reach. bitcoin price dips below $7,500the bitcoin price led the retreat, though it was not its headliner. the flagship cryptocurrency dropped five percent to $7,485, once again beating the index and recapturing a modicum of market share even as its total valuation ebbed further into the red., title=cryptos on the brink: ethereum, ripple prices plunge as coins post 2018 lows, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops 5 Percent to $7,500, ethereum Retakes Market Share, bleu=0.0315
summarize:the binance coin price (bnb) experienced a double-digit percentage rally on friday after its issuer — cryptocurrency exchange giant binance — announced that it was doubling the referral bonus for users holding a large number of bnb. bnb price makes double-digit rally despite bearish marketbnb spent most of the previous day trading between $12.25 and $13.00, but at approximately 10:15 utc the binance coin price began to spike. by 12:30 utc it had reached as high as $16.22, though it has since experienced a moderate correction. bnb price chart | source: coinmarketcapat present, bnb is priced at $15.19, representing a daily increase of more than 21 percent. bnb has a circulating market cap of $1.7 billion, making it the 18th-largest, title=binance coin price rallies 21% after exchange doubles referral bonus for bnb hodlers, summary=Binance Doubles Referral Bonus for Users Holding Large Numbers of bnb, bleu=0.0339
summarize:chinese e-commerce and tech conglomerate alibaba has quietly launched a cryptocurrency mining platform, according to an unconfirmed local media report. according to tencent news, alibaba registered the platform, which is called "p2p nodes,” on oct. 10, 2017 with the relevant local authorities in nanjing."alibaba has recently launched a virtual currency mining platform "p2p node”, from the terms of the service agreement terms platform, the main operating platform is alibaba east china ltd.. it is reported that the company on october 10, 2017 has been completed registration, registered in nanjing,” the report reads, according to a very rough translation. it is not clear from the report whether the platform has officially begun registering users. the news was first brought to the attention of western audiences by, title=bitcoin price tumbles as china’s central bank tightens the noose on cryptocurrency traders, summary=Chinese E-Commerce Conglomerate alibaba Launches Cryptocurrency Mining Platform, bleu=0.0
summarize:advertisements, infographics, articles and more – all included in hong kong’s latest effort to educate the public on initial coin offerings (icos) and cryptocurrencies. according to a recent press release, hong kong’s financial services and treasury bureau (fstb), and investor education center (iec) have launched a public campaign to both educate and warn investors about the "risks” associated with both initial coin offerings and cryptocurrencies. included in the campaign are advertisements to be placed throughout hong kong’s public transit system, television and radio advertisements, and even government-sponsored educational videos to be posted on social media. according to under secretary for the fstb, joseph chan, the aim of the program is to provide a "correct and comprehensive understanding of icos and cryptocurrencies” so that the public has a better, title=bitcoin price dives below $9,700 as india hints at hard line on crypto usage, summary=Hong Kong Launches Public Campaign to Educate the Public on ICOs and Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0265
summarize:the digixdao price rose 42 percent on friday, making it the lone cryptocurrency in the top 100 to resist the deepening market correction and achieve an advance against the value of the dollar. digixdao price makes lonely advance as market retracesfirst launched in 2016, digixdao was one of the first decentralized autonomous organizations (daos), and it provides the backbone for the gold-backed digix (dgx) ecosystem. simply put, while each dgx token is backed by one gram of gold stored in reserve, dgd tokens float according to market demand, which is based primarily on the fact that dgd holders accrue dividends derived from dgx transaction fees. the digixdao price began the year near $180, and it gradually ticked up through the month of january., title=35% leap: digixdao price makes lonely advance as market retraces, summary=the digixdao Price Rises 42 percent as Market Retraces, bleu=0.0406
summarize:the ripple price posted a double-digit percentage decline on tuesday after cryptocurrency exchange and brokerage platform coinbase squashed rumors that it had decided to add xrp to its list of supported assets. ripple price posts double-digit percentage declinethe cryptocurrency markets made a comprehensive retreat on tuesday, and more than 90 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies lost value against the us dollar. however, the ripple markets endured one of the more significant sell-offs, driving the xrp price down 11 percent to a present value of $0.94 after trading as high as $1.08 on monday. xrp now has a circulating market cap of approximately $36.8 billion. ripple price chartxrp trading volume is still heavily concentrated on south korean exchanges, although somewhat less than it was on monday. bithumb’s xrp/, title=ripple price dives after coinbase quashes support rumors, summary=xrp Price Drops 11 Percent as Cryptocurrency Markets Recover, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has rebounded over the past 24 hours by around $17 billion, from $365 billion to $382 billion. major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ether and eos increased in the 3 to 7 percent range, pushing the cryptocurrency market towards the $400 region. ethereum and tokensether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum blockchain network, has been the best performing cryptocurrency amongst major digital assets in the likes of bitcoin, eos, and cardano. the price of ether recovered to $713, rising by more than 5 percent. the daily trading volume of ether has started to near its previous levels in early january and february, during a period in which the price and volume of ether achieved an all-time high. the rise in the volume of ether has demonstrated the increase in the demand for cryptocurrencies from investors in the global market, especially in, title=cryptocurrency market rebounds after poor week, ether gains 5% and aelf rises 17%, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds to $382 Billion as ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Cardano Rise, bleu=0.0245
summarize:a nearly five-year-old vulnerability is reportedly being used to infect linux servers with a crypto mining malware that’s allowing hackers to use them to mine privacy-centric cryptocurrency monero (xmr), according to us-based cybersecurity firm trend micro. per the firm’s report, hackers are taking advantage of a vulnerability found in the network weathermap plugin for cacti. the vulnerability being exploited is classified as cve-2013-2618, and is allowing hackers to gain code execution ability on the underlying serves. this way, they’re able to install a customized version of xmrig, a legitimate, open-source monero mining software. researchers detail that the attackers are able to guarantee maximum uptime through the vulnerability, by checking in on the mining malware every three minutes, in case anyone shuts down the system. to avoid detection, the attacker, title=bitcoin price dips below $8,000, wider market struggles to hold above $300 billion, summary=a five-year-old vulnerability is being used to infect linux servers with monero mining malware, bleu=0.0246
summarize:the eos price leaped by more than 30 percent on wednesday, headlining a rally that saw the cryptocurrency market cap swell by more than $6 billion. eos price headlines market rally with 30 percent surgeon wednesday, the eos price exploded by an eye-popping 33 percent, outpacing every other top 100-cryptocurrency. at present, eos is trading at $7.96 on binance — up from less than $6 on tuesday — which translates into a $6.2 billion circulating market cap and places the token just $200 million behind litecoin for the fifth spot in the market cap rankings. eos price chartthe rally has correlated with a surge in trading volume. at present, 24-hour eos volume exceeds $1.2 billion, which is fourth among all, title=eos price soars 30% as airdrop nears amid wider market rally, summary=eos Price Leaps 30% as Crypto Market Cap Swells by $6 Billion, bleu=0.1136
summarize:dash (dash) is currently experiencing a strong price surge, rising about 20 percent in the space of 24 hours as news coming out of venezuela indicates that it is experiencing a solid increase in adoption by users fleeing the bolivar’s six-figure inflation rate. hyperinflation, petro, and dashdash price chartccn reported recently that venezuelan president nicholas maduro announced the creation of the "sovereign bolivar,” a new currency to replace the near-worthless bolivar, which had an inflation rate in excess of 100,000 percent. the new bolivar was then pegged to the value of the petro, a new state-sanctioned digital currency backed by the country’s oil production. at a time when venezuela’s annual inflation rate is projected to hit an absurd, title=dash price rises 20% on venezuelan adoption push, summary=Dash (DASH) Price Surges 20 Percent as venezuelan President Launches New Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0338
summarize:chinese bitcoin mining heavyweight bitmain is foraying into europe with a new subsidiary established in switzerland. currently under construction, ‘bitmain switzerland’ will see its base in zug, commonly known as the world’s ‘crypto valley’, a report from swiss newspaper handelszeitung reveals. among the subsidiary’s authorized is bitmain chief executive and co-founder jihan wu, according to information from zug’s commercial register. a friendlier jurisdiction and a regulatory embrace are seeing an ever-expanding number of startups and companies from the blockchain and cryptocurrency space establish their headquarters in the region. home to the government-backed ‘crypto valley’ association, the city of zug also allows citizens to pay for municipal services with bitcoin. bitmain’s entry into switzerland comes amid ongoing curbs, title=cryptocurrency market begins recovery after south korea trading ban fiasco, summary=Chinese Bitcoin Mining Heavyweight Bitmain Sets Up New Business in Switzerland, bleu=0.0
summarize:biotech-turned-cryptocurrency company riot blockchain has received a subpoena from the us securities and exchange commission (sec) and may be delisted from the nasdaq. the colorado-based firm, which attracted headlines last year following its unexpected pivot into the cryptocurrency space, acknowledged in a new public filing that the sec is "requesting certain information from the company” and that it intends to comply with the inquiry."on april 9, 2018, the company received a subpoena from the sec requesting certain information from the company,” riot blockchain said in the filing, adding that it intends to "fully cooperate” with the sec’s request. "as part of its review of the company’s public filings, the securities and exchange commission ("sec”) has inquired about certain of the company’s assets’ classification as, and amount, title=crypto investment firm founder turns bullish on bitcoin cash, summary=riot Blockchain Receives Subpoena from US Securities and Exchange Commission, bleu=0.0
summarize:over the past 24 hours, the price of ripple’s native cryptocurrency xrp has increased by more than 18 percent, recovering back to $2 after dipping below $1.7 during a major cryptocurrency market correction that occured on january 11. ripple surges in valueanalysts have attributed the recent increase in the value of xrp to the newly established strategic partnership between ripple labs and moneygram, one of the largest remittance companies in the global industry behind western union, the $9 billion remittance giant. with a market valuation of just under $700 million, moneygram operates a major remittance network with around 350,000 agents, processing payments for tens of millions of users on a regular basis. earlier today, as ccn reported, ripple ceo brad garlinghouse announced that moneygram will begin using ripple’s blockchain network and, title=ripple price surges 18%, as moneygram finds use case for xrp, summary=Ripple’s xrp Price Recovers Back to $2 after 18% Gain, bleu=0.069
summarize:earlier today, on march 5, the price of xrp, the native cryptocurrency of ripple, recorded an 18 percent spike, becoming the best performing major cryptocurrency in the market. ripple’s runthe overall valuation of the entire cryptocurrency market increased by $25 billion, as small cryptocurrencies and tokens like particl, ziliqa, and ethereum creator vitalik buterin advised kyber network recorded nearly 20 percent increase in value. while bitcoin, the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market, outperformed alternative cryptocurrencies over the past week, in the last 24 hours, alternative cryptocurrencies have started to gain strong momentum, outperforming bitcoin. the dominance index of bitcoin, which measures the dominance of the cryptocurrency over the market, still remains at 41.2 percent, a yearly high, despite the strong performance of alternative cryptocurrencies. several well-respected analysts including max keiser have stated that the domin, title=ripple spikes 18% amid coinbase integration rumors; drop coming if false?, summary=XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: Price Analysis, March 5, 2018, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has begun to recover as major cryptocurrencies including ether and eos recorded gains of more than 5 percent over the past 24 hours. tokens such as ontology (ont), storm (storm), and tron (trx) demonstrated gains in the 10 to 15 percent region. tokens leadas the bitcoin price struggled against the us dollar and demonstrated significant losses throughout may 10 to 12, small cryptocurrencies and tokens experienced relatively large losses against both bitcoin and the us dollar. tokens like ont, trx, storm, 0x (zrx), wanchain (wan), and icon (icx), which have seen a two-fold increase against bitcoin on average since early april, fell by more than 15 percent against bitcoin. ontology in particular dipped below 0.00073 bitcoin, a level it has not dropped to since april 27. but, title=cryptocurrency market begins recovery, ethereum up 5%, ontology and storm up 12%, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Recovers as eos, ether, and Ontology Gain More Than 5 percent, bleu=0.0348
summarize:in yesterday’s report, ccn noted that aelf, the decentralized cloud computing blockchain network developed by a team of chinese developers, increased by more than 17 percent against bitcoin. today, on may 20, the price of aelf increased by another 10 percent, becoming the second best-performing cryptocurrency in the market for two straight days. trend of tokensthroughout may, tokens have demonstrated an intensified movement on both the upside and downside, following the price movement of bitcoin. as the price of declined, the value of tokens fell by substantially larger margins and as the price of bitcoin increased, the value of tokens surged significantly more than bitcoin. essentially, investing in tokens in a recovery period with extreme volatility and uncertainty is similar to leverage trading and depending on the price trend of bitcoin, the value of tokens can either plunge or surge by large margins. on may 17, the bitcoin price reached, title=0x, zilliqa, aelf, and ontology record 10% gains as tokens outperform bitcoin, summary=ccn: aelf is the Second Best-Performing Cryptocurrency in the Market for Two Straight Days, bleu=0.0246
summarize:bitcoin cash promoter roger ver believes bch will one day overtake btc to become the world’s most valuable cryptocurrency. but before that happens, he believes ethereum will take bitcoin’s crypto-crown. ver, once known as "bitcoin jesus,” told the independent that so-called technologically superior cryptocurrencies like ethereum and bitcoin cash will surpass bitcoin in value in the coming months and years. ver sees ethereum surpassing bitcoin by year’s end and bitcoin cash by 2020. analysts refer to this supposed development as "the flippening.”ver pointed to slow transaction times and high fees undermining bitcoin. he noted that more than 1,500 cryptocurrencies have entered the market since bitcoin’s 2009 inception in attempts to overcome bitcoin’s "limitations.”bitcoin’s rise in value in the last year has carried other, title=‘flippening’ between bitcoin & ethereum will happen in 2018: roger ver, summary=Bitcoin Cash Promoter roger ver believes ethereum to Overtake Bitcoin in Value, bleu=0.0805
summarize:binance coin was up more than 25% in the last 24 hours, hitting a high of $11.00, driven on news that it will launch its own "tailored blockchain” in an apparent first step toward building a decentralized exchange (dex). the market cap was just shy of $1 billion. close to $200 million had traded in the last 24 hours. the currency has a total supply of almost 200 million coins. source: coinmarketcap.combinance coin ranked as the 24th largest cryptocurrency today based on market capitalization, according to coinmarketcap.com, surpassing zcash, the 25th cryptocurrency with a market cap of $780.431 million. the binance price began to move beyond the low single digits in mid-december, rising to $21.78 on jan. 13, 2018, then tumbling to $7.38 on feb. 6 before mounting the current, title=binance coin jumps 25% on news of its own blockchain, summary=Binance Price Hits $11 in 24 Hours as Decentralized Exchange Launches Blockchain, bleu=0.0
summarize:recently, there has been a lot of hype surrounding cryptos newest utility darling, wabi. according to the white paper, wabi is a "digital cryptocurrency which supports walimai’s anticounterfeit system and is backed by sales of products”. walimai, in turn, is a company founded in 2014 in the wake of counterfeit infant formula scandal which left 300,000 victims hospitalized or dead in china. the companies clear need for a blockchain to create a reliable product along with its practicality in the rapidly growing chinese market has made it a hodl for many cryptocurrency investors. indeed, the problem with wabi has nothing to do with the product itself. the product is in active use around the world and has fueled revenue growth for walimai through partner jd.com where consumers have given great feedback and shown a willingness to, title=is the wabi team over-streched?, summary=walimai’s newest utility darling, wabi, is backed by sales of products, bleu=0.0367
summarize:the bitcoin cash price made a run at the $3,000 barrier in the face of a wider market downturn. bitcoin cash price makes run at $3,000much like the older sibling it forked away from at the beginning of august, bitcoin cash has seen its market share drop during the early days of 2018. after entering january controlling approximately seven percent of the cryptocurrency market cap, bitcoin cash has seen its share drop by one-tenth to 6.3 percent as other altcoins — most notably ethereum — have surged to all-time highs. this week, however, bitcoin cash embarked on a rally of its own in a bid to leap above the $3,000 barrier after sinking below it last week. there was no clear trigger for the run, although the coin likely benefited from a report that mining pool bitclub network — a small pool that currently accounts for about 2.5 percent, title=bitcoin cash price makes push for $3,000 as wider market stumbles, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Makes Run at $3,000 in Face of Market Downturn, bleu=0.0618
summarize:sygnia asset management, a major investment firm in south africa, has announced that it will launch a cryptocurrency exchange later this year. regional business news outlet businesstech reports that the firm, which currently has r180.6 billion ($14.5 billion) in assets under management (aum), plans to open the exchange — called sygniacoin — during the third quarter of this year."we aim to launch sygniacoin, a cryptocurrency exchange, in the third quarter of 2018,” said sygnia ceo magda wierzycka. "the cryptocurrency market is evolving at a rapid pace internationally and domestically, and is attracting both domestic and international flows.”she continued:"with its fintech focus, sygnia is well-positioned to become the first major financial services institution to embrace cryptocurrencies and, title=cryptocurrency market continues to fall as bitcoin price seeks support at $6,700, summary=South African Investment Firm to Launch Cryptocurrency Exchange, bleu=0.0296
summarize:the ethereum price crossed $1,000 on thursday, marking yet another historic milestone for the third-largest cryptocurrency. ethereum price rips past $1,000only four days have been marked off on the calendar, but january has already been a banner month for the altcoin markets. in this brief span, the combined value of altcoin market caps has swelled by more than $140 billion, and altcoins now account for more than two-thirds of the cryptocurrency market cap. earlier this week, ripple became the first altcoin to achieve a $100 billion market cap, and ethereum now appears poised to add its name to this exclusive list. like most cryptocurrencies, ethereum has been on an extended rally since the beginning of december, when it was priced at $428. over the course of the month, the ethereum price, title=ethereum price hits historic $1,000 milestone, eyes $100 billion market cap, summary=ethereum Price Rips Past $1,000 as Altcoin Market Cap Swells to $140 Billion, bleu=0.0625
summarize:the lisk price surged more than 65 percent following its listing on japan-based cryptocurrency exchange bitflyer. lisk price makes 65 percent advancewednesday has been brutal for the cryptocurrency markets. the bitcoin price dropped below the $10,000 barrier, while the cryptocurrency market cap entered sub-$500 million territory for the first time since jan. 17. one token, however, bucked this trend and posted a strong advance against the dollar. lisk, a blockchain platform that stores decentralized applications in sidechains (as opposed to the main blockchain, as ethereum does), saw its price soar during intraday trading. shortly before 6:00 utc, the lisk price was trading at roughly $21.50 on bittrex. at this point, it experienced a near-sudden spike, and within the span of 25 minutes, the lisk price was valued at, title=lisk price spikes 65% on bitflyer listing, summary=lisk Price Soars 65 Percent After Bitflyer Listing, bleu=0.0657
summarize:one of the first "ethereum whales” appears to be having second thoughts about the second-largest cryptocurrency’s prospects. one of ethereum’s first whales is funneling millions to bitfinexthat anonymous investor, who received more than 314,000 eth from the network’s genesis block as a result of their investments in the ethereum initial coin offering (ico), has this week funneled approximately 20,000 eth to bitfinex, worth approximately $5.5 million at the time of writing. eth address: 0xb23cc6d921271148f7f157f9bf5d5d9ae5a34240 | source: etherscanthe development was first noted by california-based attorney zoe dolan, who has been monitoring wallets holding funds that originated in the ethere, title=an ethereum ico investor is moving millions in eth to bitfinex, summary=ethereum Whales Filled $5.5 Million in Eth to Bitfinex, bleu=0.05
summarize:immutability, transparency and the elimination of intermediaries are some of the most cherished attributes of the blockchain upon which a lot of disruption is happening across various industries. being able to keep track of processes, goods and services across extended chains of communication is a development that has become very essential to the social and commercial aspects of human existence. as international trade and logistics continues to expand, more efficient methods are being developed to enable effective service delivery and value transfer, however certain limitations still exist, making it necessary for blockchain implementation which would enable the application of its inherent properties. getting rid of human interferenceceo of netcoins, michael vogel tells ccn that the main limitation of any logistical system is the human component. according to vogel, whether it is data entry, auditing, errors due to typos or miscalculations, all processes which involve a human touchpoint introduce possibility for delays or, title=cryptocurrency market continues recovery as ethereum records 15% gain, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: a Review, bleu=0.0
summarize:the iota price declined approximately 10 percent on tuesday, even as the wider cryptocurrency market made a tepid recovery from its weekend lows. iota price posts worst performance among top-25 cryptocurrenciestuesday brought a moderate recovery to the cryptocurrency market, enabling the bitcoin price to put some breathing room between it and the crucial $6,800 support level. the majority of other large-cap coins and tokens saw similar price movements, generally rising between one and two percent for the day. iota, however, was not invited to the party. despite entering the week within striking distance of dollar parity, iota proved unable to sustain its recent gains. at one point this morning, the iota price slipped below $0.68, though it quickly bounced back from that hiccup and has since leveled out to, title=iota price sinks 10% as wider market plots tepid recovery, summary=iota Price Drops 10% as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers from Weekend Lows, bleu=0.1355
summarize:bitcoin has remained in the $9,100 region throughout may 2 and has not recorded any major movement on the upside and downside. a strong performance by erc20 tokens based on the ethereum network such as eos, loom, stratis, and wanchain led cryptocurrency market valuation to increase by $13 billion. tokens continue to perform wellover the past two weeks, since mid-april, tokens have continued to record strong gains against both bitcoin and the us dollar. over the past 24 hours, loom, stratis, eos, and wancoin have demonstrated solid gains in the 5 percent to 45 percent range, leading the cryptocurrency market to add an additional $13 billion to its valuation. at the time of reporting, the valuation of the market remains at $426 billion. loom recorded a staggering 45 percent increase in value overnight, primarily because of the integration, title=bitcoin price regains $9,000 and loom spikes 45% as erc20 tokens help $426 billion market, summary=eos, loom, stratis, and wancoin Lead Cryptocurrency Market to $13 Billion Gain, bleu=0.0284
summarize:the iota price (miota) surged past other coins’ average daily gains for the day, climbing 17% over its wednesday level. the project released the beta version of the trinity wallet on may 29 and has kept the price momentum since then, as ccn reported. currently, the iota price sits at $1.77. since may 28 and the announcement of the new wallet, iota has increased over 31%. this is calculated from the close of day trading price of $1.35 on may 28. iota now has a market cap of $4.9 billion, making it the ninth-largest cryptocurrency. the price jump comes amid a general bull market for the majority of coins and tokens. however, iota’s 24-hour increase stands out well above the others in the top 100, which are a, title=iota price surges 17% for the day to headline widespread market rally, summary=iota Price Surges 17% as Trinity Launches New Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0688
summarize:the cryptocurrency market cap dipped below $500 billion on wednesday, marking the recovery’s second hiccup in the past week. but although total valuations are in decline, bitcoin’s market share continues to climb, once again putting to rest predictions that ethereum is poised to supplant it as the largest cryptocurrency. source: coinmarketcapon monday, the cryptocurrency market cap had traded near $510 billion for most of the day, but at approximately 18:00 et, $32 billion evaporated from the index. by the time of writing, the market had recovered to $484.6 billion, but this nevertheless represents a single-day decrease of more than four percent. bitcoin price struggles for $11,000the market’s pullback was catalyzed by a precipitous bitcoin price decline. on monday, the flagship cryptocurrency had extended its rally as far as $11,788 on cryptocurrency exchange, title=cryptocurrency market cap dips below $500 billion, but bitcoin dominance ascends, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Drops Below $500 Billion, But Bitcoin’s Market Share Continues to Rise, bleu=0.0541
summarize:the bitcoin price has dipped below the $9,000 mark, recording a 4 percent drop in value overnight. despite bitcoin’s struggle, several tokens including tron (trx) and verge (xvg) have recorded major gains over the past 24 hours with xvg demonstrating a 10 percent increase in value. best performers: mana, xvg and tronthe best performers of may 1 are decentraland (mana), verge (xvg), and tron (trx). the rise in the value of tron is attributable to the rising interests from investors towards the mainnet launch of the tron network. the tron mainnet is expected to launch on may 31, as its founder justin sun revealed on social media. similar to eos, tron is yet to launch its mainnet. it released its testnet in march and since 2017, the project has, title=bitcoin price dips below $9,000 but tron and verge continue to record gains, summary=tron (trx), verge (xvg) and decentraland (mana): Bitcoin Price Drops Below $9,000, bleu=0.0457
summarize:two british bitcoin traders became the victims of what local media outlets are calling the "uk’s first bitcoin heist” after they were robbed at gunpoint by masked men and forced to transfer an undisclosed amount of cryptocurrency to the criminals’ accounts. the incident — which took place on jan. 22 — occurred in the tiny village of moulsford, oxfordshire, where cryptocurrency trader danny aston and his girlfriend, amy jay, lived with their infant. according to a report in the mail on sunday, four men wearing balaclavas kicked down the couple’s door and took the couple’s baby outside while they forced aston and jay to transfer their cryptocurrency holdings. aston, 30, had reportedly executed more than 100,000 trades under the pseudonym "goldiath,” and he and, title=why do south korean cryptocurrency exchanges only list a few tokens?, summary=‘UK’s First Bitcoin Heist’: two british bitcoin traders robbed at gunpoint by masked men, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market experienced a slight bump on friday, but five altcoins managed to break away from the pack, bolstered by the announcement that cryptocurrency exchange and brokerage giant coinbase is "exploring” adding support for them to its several platforms. earlier today, the san francisco-based coinbase announced that it is engaging with discussions with banks and regulators in a variety of jurisdictions about adding support for five new cryptocurrency tokens: cardano (ada), basic attention token (bat), stellar (xlm), zcash (zec) and 0x (zrx). having learned from past listing fiascos, the firm chose to make the announcement both internally and externally at the same time to reduce its impact on the market and protect itself from allegations of insider trading. coinbase also stressed that there is no timeline for when these assets will be listed, as well, title=cryptocurrency prices soar on news coinbase is ‘exploring’ adding five new assets, summary=Coinbase is “exploring” adding support for five new altcoins to its platforms. cardano (ada), zcash (zec) and 0x (zrx) among them, bleu=0.0306
summarize:it’s official. tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange coincheck was hacked in what is believed to be the largest exchange theft ever carried out. this story is continually developing, but here’s what we know so far. this was the largest cryptocurrency exchange hack in historyin a press conference, coincheck executives confirmed that the hackers absconded with more than 500 million nem, worth approximately $530 million at the time of the hack, although nikkei veritas tweeted from the conference that the exact amount of funds stolen will not be known until officials conduct a detailed investigation. the coincheck hack supplanted mt. gox as the biggest cryptocurrency exchange hack in history. the mt. gox thief made off with approximately 850,000 bitcoins, worth roughly $450 million at the time. granted, the mt. gox hack was larger as a percentage of the, title=major cryptocurrencies recover, bitcoin and ethereum post 5% gains, summary=Tokyo-based Crypto Exchange Coincheck Hacked in Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange Hack, bleu=0.0
summarize:the iota value extended its current bullish momentum on tuesday owing to its recently announced partnership with fujitsu. the japanese tech giant picked iota from the basket of blockchain projects and named it as the new protocol standard for its it equipment manufacturing service. the iota-integration would allow fujitsu to handle data storing in production and to engage with the automotive and manufacturing industry. one other bullish factor that got overshadowed by the fujitsu-announcement -and which could also have influenced the impressive iota rally – is trinity desktop beta wallet. the iota foundation on saturday launched trinity desktop beta wallet in an attempt to make its code public – after months of development. the iota community expected to react positively to the launch, title=fujitsu, trinity proving to be the bulls: iota price soars 20%, again, summary=iota Price Remains Bullish after Fujitsu Announces Blockchain Integration, bleu=0.0219
summarize:the valuation of the cryptocurrency market has dropped by more than $9 billion over the past 24 hours, as major cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, bitcoin cash, and cardano declined in the range of 2 to 5 percent. minor movementyesterday, on june 7, ccn reported that the cryptocurrency market has stabilized to an extent, as both major cryptocurrencies and minor tokens remained in the same region for over a week, struggling to initiate movements on the upside. short-term stability in the cryptocurrency market often lead to two outcomes: a significant break to the upside or a slow bleed out to previous support levels. over the past 24 hours, bitcoin dropped from $7,700 to $7,550, deleting its gains on june 7 and ending its short-term recovery back to $8,800. if btc fails to rebound to $7,700 in the upcoming hours, title=bitcoin, ethereum, ripple drop 3% in $9 billion crypto market retreat, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Cardano, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether: Market Drops $9 Billion Over the Past 24 Hours, bleu=0.0358
summarize:the tron price rallied by 15 percent on monday, defying the sluggish performance of the overall cryptocurrency market. tron price makes 15% advance in defiance of sluggish marketthe cryptocurrency market cap shed $4 billion on monday, continuing a reversal that began on sunday. eight of the 10 largest cryptocurrencies fell against the us dollar, while another — ethereum — rose just one-half-of-one percent for the day. only tron managed to extend its momentum into the new week, surging by more than 15 percent to a present global average of $0.099 and a $6.5 billion market cap. the rally propelled tron back into the top 10, and it currently ranks ninth on the charts, where it sits approximately $900 million ahead of 10th-ranked neo. source: coinmarketcapthe majority of tron’s trading, title=tron price posts 15% rally, but is a rumor to blame?, summary=tron Price Recovers 15% as Market Reversals, bleu=0.0577
summarize:it’s been a dismal year so far for the cryptocurrency markets, and — as evidenced by the bitcoin price’s more than 50 percent retrace from its all-time high — the volatility has begun to shake out investors with weak hands. bitcoin bears have begun to take their victory laps, with skeptics forecasting that its plunge to zero is now inevitable. wall street strategist tom lee, however, refuses to waver from his optimistic outlook — or his bullish bitcoin price forecast. lee, a former jpmorgan equity strategist who now runs market research firm fundstrat global advisors, told clients that now is an excellent opportunity to consider adding to their cryptoasset stakes."it has been a terrible few weeks but the fundamental positive story for crypto remains intact,” cnbc cites him as saying in the report, distributed late thursday, title=crypto’s ‘positive story remains intact’: wall street strategist undeterred by bitcoin price decline, summary=Bitcoin Price Retraces 50 Percent from All-Time High, Wall Street Analyst Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ripple price surged by 49 percent on thursday as the cryptocurrency markets made a $177 billion recovery from wednesday’s low-point. ripple price makes 49 percent recoverylike all cryptocurrencies, this week’s market movements have dealt ripple a losing hand. after peaking near $4 earlier this month, the ripple price plunged as low as $0.88 on bittrex on wednesday, representing a 77 percent peak-to-valley decline. thursday, however, demonstrated that the markets do not intend to go down without a fight, and cryptocurrencies rose across the board as $177 billion in capital flowed back into the ecosystem. the ripple price was one of the day’s top performers, rising 49 percent, which enabled xrp to outperform the cryptocurrency market cap index and recover to $1.56. ripple now has a circulating market cap of $61.1, title=ripple price surges 49% as market shakes off wednesday woes, summary=Ripple Price Surges 49 Percent as Cryptocurrency Markets Recover, bleu=0.0454
summarize:many investors, especially traders outside of the south korean cryptocurrency exchange market, remain curious as to why local cryptocurrency exchanges like bithumb and korbit only list a few cryptocurrencies at a time. low supplybithumb, the country’s largest cryptocurrency exchange which generated more than $300 million in profits from fees in 2017, has only 12 cryptocurrencies listed on its platform. korbit, the third largest cryptocurrency exchange in the local market, has less cryptocurrencies implemented than bithumb. south korean cryptocurrency exchanges are extremely cautious when integrating news cryptocurrencies because they carefully analyze the demand for certain cryptocurrencies in the market. as shown in the large premiums in the local market, there exists a significant amount of demand for cryptocurrencies but less supply in the south korean market. consequently, investors purchase cryptocurrencies with rates higher than global average rates, because of the lack of supply of cryptocurrencies., title=short-term? cryptocurrency market struggles to record gains as slump continues, summary=South Korea’s Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange Bithumb Only Lists 12 cryptocurrencies at a Time, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price plunged toward $8,000 on thursday as the cryptocurrency market began to grow heavy across the board. just two top 100-cryptocurrencies — kin and digixdao — managed to advance against the us dollar, while the other 98 endured another day in the red. bitcoin price dips below $8,000on wednesday, the bitcoin price fell below $8,000 for the first time since early february, and it has spent the intervening hours fighting to maintain that level the bearish pressure from above. at present, bitcoin is valued at $8,175 on bitfinex, which translates into a $139.6 billion market cap and a 42.2 percent share of the overall index. bitcoin price chartaltogether, the cryptocurrency market cap dropped by $26 billion, a single-day retreat of more than seven percent. at present, the index is valued at $330.2 billion —, title=bitcoin price plunges toward $8,000 as market grows heavy, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $8,000 as Cryptocurrency Market Grows Heavy, bleu=0.1395
summarize:ethereum classic today jumped 10-percent against the us dollar, coinciding with robinhood’s announcement of adding the coin to its trading app. the ethereum’s unforked version had started recording gains soon after coinbase, one of the world’s leading cryptocurrency exchanges announced that it would add the coin to its portfolio. on august 3rd, the day the announcement was made, the etc/usd had established an intraday low at $14.11. however, the pair collectively gained 18% in value on the same day across all the exchanges, confirming the coinbase impact. the same day also witnessed moderate selling pressure, under the influence of which ethereum classic dropped to $15.82 on kraken exchange. however, the downside never intensified its stay, and price eventually started to consolidate within a strict $1-1.5 range. and today, on august 6th, the, title=ethereum classic jumps 10% on a day of crypto markets’ retreat, summary=ethereum Classic Jumps 10% as Coinbase Adds Cryptocurrency to Trading App, bleu=0.075
summarize:after removing a temporary freeze on withdrawals today, japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck said it has completed transfers worth 40.1 billion jpy ($372 million) in withdrawal requests by customers. weeks after suffering the ignominy of being the victim of the world’s biggest cryptocurrency theft, ever, coincheck has kept its promise to lift the temporary suspension on customers’ jpy funds by processing withdrawal transfers today. in an announcement today, the exchange operator said:"[w]e have restarted operations for withdrawals of jpy. as of today, we have completed transfers for all withdrawal requests made by 3 pm on the 11th of this month (around 40.1 billion jpy).”it has been a busy tuesday for the exchange operator, first filing a report with japans’ financial regulator as a response to the latter’s business improvement, title=bitcoin price struggles to break through resistance at $9,000, summary=Coincheck Completes $472 Million in jpy Transfers, Restarts Operations, bleu=0.0375
summarize:researchers from digital asset research (dar) have discovered multiple instances of code copied from other projects in the tron codebase. it seems that tron developers plagiarised code from ethereum among other projects and changed filenames to make it difficult to identify the source of the code. dar published an article on medium about the plagiarism and the legal and technical problems that may now affect the tron mainnet going forward."on december 31, 2017, the project was initially accused of violating the gnu lesser general public license v3.0 (lgpl) because the project does not mention that its client, java-tron, was derived from ethereumj, which is one of the first ethereum libraries,” dar wrote, adding:although the project later added the relevant lgpl license language to 14 of the files, we found several instances of code that was copied verbatim, title=exclusive: researchers allege tron plagiarized code from other crypto projects, summary=tron Developers Plagiarized Code from ethereum, Changed Filenames to Make It Hard to Identify Source, bleu=0.0291
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continued their post-tax day climb on friday, as 97 of the 100 largest cryptocurrencies posted gains against the us dollar. the rally enabled the bitcoin price to crack the $8,500 barrier, but the ripple price was the true headliner, leaping more than 20 percent during intraday trading. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, the rally enabled the cryptocurrency market cap to climb by more than $25 billion to $373.8 billion — a single-day gain of 7.4 percent. bitcoin price cracks $8,500the bitcoin price trailed the index for the day, but an early morning bounce nevertheless propelled it past the $8,500 threshold to a present value of $8,514 on bitfinex. bitcoin now has a $144.5 billion market cap, which translates into a 24-hour increase of three percent. bitcoin price chartthis movement is largely in line with recent forecasts from fundstrat global, title=ripple price rallies 20% to headline surging cryptocurrency markets, summary=97 of the 100 Largest Cryptocurrency Markets Gain as Bitcoin Price Climbs to $8,500, bleu=0.0263
summarize:a whitepaper published by decentralized content distribution platform tron appears to plagiarize at least two whitepapers written by protocol labs, the creator of both ipfs and filecoin. tron accused of plagiarizing filecoin, ipfs whitepapersthe charge was brought to light on sunday, when protocol labs founder juan benet tweeted out a picture alleging that at least 9 pages of tron’s english language version whitepaper were copied from either the ipfs or filecoin papers, both of which benet had co-written with other members of protocol labs. wow! absurd! tron's "paper" is mostly copied from other projects, or is super basic p2p passed off as original. zero references. archived that pdf in ipfs, in case they take it down: https://t.co, title=ethereum price achieves new all-time high at $1,410, market shifts from ripple to ether, summary=tron Plagiarizes ipfs, Filecoin Whitepapers: Founder of Cryptocurrency Labs, bleu=0.0238
summarize:japanese police are investigating three suspects allegedly using coinhive, a monero-mining software script, in a cryptojacking case that could lead to criminal prosecution. a number of police departments in the prefectures of kanagawa, chiba and tochigi in central japan are carrying out a joint-investigation into three suspects who allegedly set up websites in 2017 to mine monero using visitors’ computers without their consent, japanese news daily mainichi reports. an energy-intensive process, mining involves the use of computing resources – website visitors’ cpu power in this instance – to create blocks of validated transactions and adding them onto a blockchain. the three individuals under the scanner allegedly used coinhive, a software that has frequently been abused by malicious operators to inject mining scripts into websites surrep, title=monero miners to see charges in japan’s first cryptojacking criminal case, summary=japanese police investigate three suspects who allegedly used a monero-mining software script, bleu=0.0
summarize:update 7/20: change.org reached out to ccn to clarify that the program was launched by an outside marketing agency — not the change.org foundation — and that the revenue will solely support the organization’s work in brazil. the article has been updated to reflect this. supporters of popular social petition platform change.org can now install a screensaver that will mine monero on behalf of the for-profit organization’s charitable foundation to contribute to its work in brazil.. change.org supporters can mine monero for charitydubbed "the mining screensaver,” the tool — which was created by brazil-based marketing agency tracylockebrasil — activates whenever a user steps away from his or her computer for a set period of time. as long as the device remains powered on, the tool will use the pc’s idle processing, title=new screensaver mines monero for change.org foundation, summary=Change.org Supporters Install Screensaver to Mine Monero for Charity, bleu=0.083
summarize:bitmain ceo jihan wu categorically denied that the mining hardware manufacturer secretly uses its newly-developed devices before making them available to the general public. wu made this claim during an interview with fortune, hitting back against rumors and reports that, after developing an application-specific integrated circuit (asic) miner for a new hashing algorithm, bitmain will secretly mine with those devices for several months before putting the new product line up for sale."no, it never happened. we have a small-scale test. we don’t do that. that is not our strategy.”earlier this year, suspicions that the china-based firm privately used its hardware before releasing it were apparently confirmed when privacy-centric cryptocurrency monero activated a hard fork to alter its cryptonight mining algorithm and prevent bitmain’s new cryptonight asics from being used on, title=bitmain doesn’t have a secret crypto mining operation: jihan wu, summary=Bitmain Denies Secretly Mining Cryptocurrency asics before releasing them to the public, bleu=0.0
summarize:proof of work cryptocurrencies like bitcoin are facing struggles with the wave of asic mining hardware. nakamoto envisioned a decentralized cryptocurrency mining consensus spread across a large pool. but of late it’s turned into a environment where two or three major players reap a large portion of mining profits. as a result, developers and communities are implementing solutions in a learn-as-they-go fashion. an update from sia coin developer david vorick provides a lay of the land and breakdown of the team’s foray into the world of mining with their obelisk project. opposing viewpoints to the resistancelike other projects, the introduction of cheap asic miners has introduced headaches for project but also unique solutions to resistance. projects have historically tried to keep a level playing field for all chip types, including gpus and cpus. the work to resisting asic take-, title=secret asics, hidden farms, and manufacturers playing dirty: the new state of cryptocurrecy mining, summary=obelisk: Asic Miners Create a New Wave of Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0248
summarize:bitcoin cash lead creator amaury séchet has reportedly been expelled from the cryptocurrency’s slack community following a dispute over his proposal to reduce transaction times using the "pre-consensus” framework. prominent bitcoin cash promoter roger ver broke the news on a reddit thread that attracted more than 800 comments."benevolent dictator” of bitcoin cashhaving been with the project from its very beginning as the so-called "benevolent dictator” of bitcoin cash, séchet was instrumental in pushing for several changes such as the present emergency problem adjustment solution. according to many sources, he was very vocal abut his preference for a "pre-consensus” solution, which would function as a kind of organised settlement with block miners to reduce the speed of orphaned blocks. this proposal however, was opposed by other members of the community,, title=bitcoin cash lead developer banned from bch slack channel, summary=Bitcoin Cash Lead Creator Amaury séchet Expelled from slack for Proposal to Reduce Transaction Time, bleu=0.0313
summarize:the canadian province of quebec will lift a moratorium on the sale of electricity to cryptocurrency mining operations, local media outlets have reported. according to le journal de montreal, officials reversed course on the moratorium due to fears that quebec would miss out on potential revenues from the booming industry. at the same time, quebec minister of energy pierre moreau unveiled a decree that imposes new regulations on cryptocurrency mining operations seeking to purchase electricity. under the new guidelines, cryptocurrency miners will pay different — presumably higher — electricity rates, and public utility hydro-quebec will have the license to cut off power to miners when the grid is at maximum capacity."having interruptible customers during these critical periods makes it possible to connect more,” said hydro-québec spokesman marc-antoine pouliot. more than a hundred mining firms have reportedly approached hydro-, title=quebec lifts cryptocurrency mining moratorium, but may charge miners higher rates, summary=Quebec Lifts Electricity Moratorium on Cryptocurrency Mining, bleu=0.0
summarize:equihash, the proof-of-work (pow) mining algorithm used by zcash and a variety of other cryptocurrencies, is about to get a lot less equitable. on wednesday, mining hardware manufacturer bitmain revealed that it had developed the first application specific integrated circuit (asic) miner capable of mining on equihash-secured networks. bitmain’s zcash asic miner — the antminer z9 mini — has an advertised hashrate of 10k sol/s and is scheduled to begin shipping in late june. pleased to announce the antminer z9 mini, an asic miner to mine #equihash-based cryptocurrencies. to prevent hoarding and to let more individuals worldwide get one, we've set a limit of one miner per user. order here (https, title=crypto hardware giant bitmain to release first zcash asic miner, summary=Bitmain Launches First Asic Miner for zcash and other Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.042
summarize:mining hardware manufacturers have begun selling cryptonight asic miners for next to nothing after privacy-centric cryptocurrency monero carried out its threat to adopt a hard fork to maintain asic resistance. last week, monero activated its semi-annual hard fork, an update that included an alteration to its instance of the cryptonight proof-of-work (pow) consensus algorithm. this particular update had one purpose: ensure that no currently-existent application specific integrated circuit (asic) miners are compatible with the monero network. the hard fork came weeks after bitmain — the dominant asic manufacturer and a subject of scorn among many cryptocurrency communities — unveiled the antminer x3, its first cryptonight asic miner. at least one other manufacturer — lesser-known company baikal miners — claimed to have developed a cryptonight asic, an announcement it, title=manufacturer holds cryptonight asic firesale after monero hard forks, summary=Cryptomining Hardware Manufacturers Sell Cryptonight Asic Miners for Next to Nothing, bleu=0.0
summarize:zooko wilcox, the founder and ceo of zerocoin electric coin company, a company that develops privacy-focused cryptocurrency zcash, has revealed that chinese miners have alleged that bitmain, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency mining equipment manufacturer, of potentially distributing hardware caked with dust, suggesting prior use."someone privately sent me these allegations (in chinese) that bitmain sold some miners as new that arrived caked with dust, along with bitmain’s response. the communication gap between the west and china makes it hard to disentangle,” said wilcox. cake dusted minersone group of miners claimed on qq, one of china’s most widely utilized social media platforms, that the recently distributed b3 miner of bitmain have "seriously inadequate” computing power that are unable to mine cryptocurrencies at, title=bitmain allegedly sold asic miners caked with dust, summary=chinese miners allege Bitmain Distributed Cryptocurrency Mining Hardware Caked with Dust, bleu=0.0446
summarize:in a vote led by the zcash foundation, the zcash community voted against prioritizing asic resistance in the protocol. the governance panel consisted of 64 elected individuals from the zcash community. in may, chinese hardware manufacturer bitmain released the first asic miner for zcash. several people have expressed concerns over this stating that asics would lead to centralization of mining and being asic resistant is a key step towards decentralization. in response to this, the zcash foundation stated that it would make asic resistance an immediate technical priority. josh cincinnati, executive director of the foundation, stated that they would convene a technical advisory board to investigate the presence of asics on the zec network. however, in its first election conducted the zcash foundation saw 45 votes disagreeing with prioritizing asic resistance while 19, title=zcash governance panel votes against prioritizing asic resistance, summary=the zcash Foundation Voted against Prioritizing Asic Resistance in the Protocol, bleu=0.0446
summarize:unicef australia, an organization that is dedicated to humanitarian aid for disadvantaged children, is shining the spotlight on a good cause while simultaneously seizing an opportunity for an added revenue stream through cryptocurrency mining. the agency has launched the hopepage, which is designed to use the cpus of local website visitors to perform cryptocurrency mining, which is the power-intensive process of solving complex equations to create more digital currencies like bitcoin. by donating their computing power to mine the cryptocurrency — in this case it’s reportedly monero — website visitors are "automatically generating funds for unicef australia.” as of monday, there were nearly 2,000 people participating. the hopepagefunds generated by cryptocurrency mining are then directed toward helping unicef to both protect the rights and save the lives of children, which resembles the social impact that blockchain veterans had in mind when they developed the technology."we wanted to leverage new emerging technologies to, title=unicef wants to use your cpu to mine monero to raise funds for children, summary=Unicef Australia Launches Cryptocurrency Mining Campaign, bleu=0.0
summarize:the governor of thailand’s central bank has confirmed an upcoming law to ‘comprehensively regulate’ cryptocurrency as a former thai finance minister throws his support behind the idea. bank of thailand governor veerathai santiprabhob has revealed details of a meeting between the country’s deputy prime minister, finance minister and other related agencies last week wherein the regulators reportedly agreed to ‘enact a new law to comprehensively regulate’ cryptocurrencies. the central bank chief added that the new law – which will look to grant thailand’s ico-friendly securities and exchange commission (sec) total regulatory powers – is expected to be finalized in a month’s time. to this end, sec secretary-general rapee sucharitakul has revealed that a ‘royal decree’ is commonly seen, title=the danger of centralization that [still] exists in the blockchain ecosystem, summary=thailand’s Central Bank Announces ‘Comprehensively Regulate’ Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:the lead developer of full-node client bitcoin abc amaury séchet has confirmed that bitcoin cash (bch) will fork on may 15 to allow for bigger block sizes along with some other adjustments. bitcoin abc developers have also made the codebase for the client bitcoin abc 0.17.0 available for download ahead of the launch, with the new consensus rules included. the change is scheduled for may 15 at 12:00:00 utc and will take place based on median time passed (mtp) instead of at a set block height. developers released an announcement saying "when the median timestamp of the most recent 11 blocks is equal to, or greater than 1526400000, then the new consensus rules shall apply to the next block. the exact time of activation depends on the time this block is found.”the changes: block size and op codesthe two main features are instant confirmation and scaling –, title=monero hard forks to maintain asic resistance, but ‘classic’ hopes to spoil the party, summary=Bitcoin Cash (bch) Forks on May 15 to Allow for Bigger Block Sizes, bleu=0.0263
summarize:ethereum creator vitalik buterin has voiced his opposition to a popular proposal intended to render ethash asic miners incompatible with the second-largest cryptocurrency’s network. ethereum improvement proposal 958 (eip 958), published by ethereum developer piper merriam, was submitted to spark a discussion about the prudence of rendering bitmain’s newly-announced ethereum asic miners obsolete through an alteration of the cryptocurrency’s instance of the ethash mining algorithm. eip 958 was included on the agenda for the latest meeting of ethereum core developers, which was held on friday and live streamed on youtube. the proposal is wildly popular in the ethereum community. at present, it has 1,082 upvotes to just 46 downvotes on, title=ethereum founder buterin advises against declaring war on ethash asic miners, summary=Ethereum’s Vitalik Buterin Opposes a Proposal to Make ethash Miners obsolete, bleu=0.0375
summarize:mma fighter mei yamaguchi from japan is set to fight angela lee for the atomweight world championship title at one championship’s ‘unstoppable dreams’ in singapore and, bitcoin cash promoter roger ver will be sponsoring her in that match. in a video announcing the sponsorship deal, ver sat down with yamaguchi to discuss mma and cryptocurrencies. he was excited to demonstrate how bitcoin cash worked and sent her $1,000 in bitcoin cash (0.0642 bch) in real time. yamaguchi, in turn, discussed her mma career."i am the ceo of bitcoin.com, and we are proud to sponsor mei for this fight cause we want the whole world to know what a great athlete she is and she wants the whole world to know what a great currency bitcoin cash is,” ver said. yamaguchi, title=mma title challenger mei yamaguchi sponsored by bitcoin cash fan roger ver, summary=mma fighter mei yamaguchi to fight angela lee for atomweight world title in singapore, bleu=0.0675
summarize:despite fears and skepticism over usage of virtual currencies for crime, tax evasion and money laundering, more african countries and individual investors are increasingly embracing cryptocurrencies to escape challenges to do with fiat money and to mop up extra value from informal markets that dominate the continent, according to a newly-published local reportglobal risk insights has now said there are numerous opportunities for african countries to embrace cryptocurrencies. this comes "as more states in africa come to accept cryptocurrency in a technology-first approach to digitizing and diversifying” their markets."this approach could enable african states to spearhead innovations such as block-chains for easier access to public services and digital currencies issued by central banks,” said global risk insights. the blockchain technology that bitcoin is built around has already been trialed in south africa for use in financial transactions, with the country’s central bank saying the technology can help reduce the amount taken to complete, title=‘netflix of cryptocurrency mining’ to hold ipo on london stock exchange, summary=Global Risk Intelligence: More African Countries Are Embracing Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0
summarize:amd has disclosed that the cryptocurrency-induced boom for sales of its gpu cards is over, for the foreseeable future. during an earnings call the santa clara, california-based chipmaker revealed that graphics cards sales to cryptocurrency miners declined during the quarter that ended in june. the graphics processing units that amd and its rival nvidia make primarily for rendering 3d graphics are preferred by cryptocurrency miners due to their high computing abilities. consequently, the company’s computing and graphics division saw revenues in the second quarter fall by 3% quarter-on-quarter. total revenue, however, increased by 53% year-over-year leading to the company’s stock appreciating by 5% after the announcement. an excerpt from its q2 report read:the quarter-over-quarter decline was primarily related to lower revenue from gpu products in the blockchain market. from, title=amd expects gpu sales to cryptocurrency miners to keep sliding, summary=Amd Says Cryptocurrency Miners Need More GPUs, bleu=0.0
summarize:a new study published by citrix has suggested that approximately 30 percent of businesses in the u. k. fell victim to cryptojacking attacks in july alone, as criminals continue to push malware that secretly uses the processing power of their computers to mine cryptocurrency. the research, which was commissioned by software company citrix, asked 750 it executives from the united kingdom about their experience with cryptojacking attacks. cryptojacking works by embedding a javascript component in a website, which then leverages a visitor’s device to mine cryptocurrency, thereby reducing the reliance on ads for revenue. the profitability of these attacks might seem small, as each visitor will only do a bit of mining, but the hash power adds up into real money. the attacks are also getting more prolific, with the report from citrix suggesting that 59 percent of uk businesses were able to detect, title=1 in 3 u.k. businesses hit by cryptojacking in july: study, summary=Citrix: 30% of UK Businesses Fall Victim to Cryptojacking Attacks in july, bleu=0.0585
summarize:two more bitcoin cash mining pools have announced they will support the "miner’s choice” initiative, which urges miners to remove the dust limit and begin processing a set number of zero-fee transactions. coingeek — which along with nchain devised the plan — on thursday announced that mining pools viabtc and bitcoin.com have agreed to join the initiative. ccn has been unable to independently verify the news, as neither had published an announcement or responded to our request for comment by the time of writing. according to data from coindance, viabtc is the largest of the three mining operations — and the second largest bitcoin cash mining pool overall — with 12.7 percent of the bch hashrate. bitcoin.com — which is owned by former bitcoin evangelist roger ver — and coingeek add another 7.7 percent, title=second-largest bitcoin cash mining pool agrees to process zero-fee transactions, summary=Bitcoin Cash Mining Pools Coingeek, Viabtc, and Bitcoin.com Join Initiative, bleu=0.0
summarize:a new initiative seeks to convince bitcoin cash miners to remove the dust limit and being processing a limited number of zero-fee transactions in every block, and it has backing from several high-profile individuals. announced on tuesday by nchain group and coingeek, the so-called "miner’s choice” initiative asks miners to eliminate the current bch dust limit, which stipulates the minimum transaction size that they will mine and include in blocks. at present, standard bitcoin cash software clients have a dust limit of 546 satoshis (0.00000546 bch), which has an approximate usd value of six-tenths of one cent. coingeek and nchain said that their mining firms will begin allowing users to make transactions as small as 1 satoshi ($0.000011377). additionally, the two firms said that they will, title=no more fees? craig wright urges bitcoin cash miners to process 0 sat/b transactions, summary=Bitcoin Cash Miners to Remove Dust Limit, Processing Zero-Fee Transactions in Every Block, bleu=0.0229
summarize:just days after the imf chief warned that cryptocurrency mining was an environmental hazard, zcash enthusiasts said, ‘hold my beer.’ the developers at the powers of tau ceremony, a ritual coined by a couple of zcash engineers, incorporated a radioactive artifact from the chernobyl nuclear meltdown — more specifically from the chernobyl unit 4 nuclear reactor — as the entropy source in a hardware random-number generator for cryptographic use. developers ryan pierce alongside andrew miller took the device airborne in a piper cherokee aircraft in an attempt to "reduce the risk of side-channel attacks,” all the while assuring that the radioactivity emitted from the tube that was recovered from the "chernobyl exclusion zone” and used in the device, title=zcash touts nuclear waste-fueled random number generator, summary=zcash Developers Use chernobyl Radioactive Artifact as Entropy Source in Cryptographic Generator, bleu=0.0339
summarize:cryptocurrency mining rig manufacturer and mining pool operator bitmain has announced that it will destroy a portion of the transaction fees that it accrues from mining bitcoin cash blocks in a bid to support the economic health of the network. antpool, the chinese company’s mining pool, made the announcement on friday, explaining that it will "burn” 12 percent of all the transaction fees from bitcoin cash blocks that it mines by sending them to "burn addresses,” whose funds are unspendable. arguing that bitcoin cash "is at the tipping point of becoming a widely used public blockchain,” bitmain explained that burning a portion of the network’s transaction fees will strengthen its internal economy and help investors "profit from the growth of bch.”from the statement:"while having active users spending bch is very important for the ecosystem, having investors who hold bch is also a, title=bitmain will ‘burn’ 12% of bitcoin cash txn fee, calls on other miners to follow, summary=Bitmain to Burn 12 percent of Bitcoin Cash Transaction Fees, bleu=0.0274
summarize:the developers are responsible for hacking millions of computers to hack a total of $2 million in cryptocurrencies. computers were initially infected with a mining program and a mining monitoring software — whenever the latter detected cpu utilization below 50%, the former would silently start mining in the background. the cycle was repeated endlessly, with all the proceeds being sent back to the hackers. authorities apprehended dozens of suspects connected to the hackingin a joint effort involving many chinese law enforcement agencies, 20 individuals were apprehended, out of which 11 were released on bail, and 9 were detained. the culprits are responsible for illegally controlling more than 389 million computers across china, while a total of 1 million computers were silently mining for the hacker group. the security team at tencent keeper program has been credited for alerting authorities to the hack. back on jan, title=chinese police arrest malware developers who hacked $2 million in crypto, summary=chinese authorities apprehend hackers responsible for $2 Million Bitcoin Hack, bleu=0.0757
summarize:cryptjacking is fast becoming a popular way for cyber crooks to make money. for instance, around 5% of the cryptocurrency monero currently in circulation is estimated to have been mined fraudulently, according to security firm palo alto networks. over the weekend it was reported that a ring of cyber criminals in china had conspired with computer maintenance companies in the country to inject computers belonging to internet cafes with malware used to mine siacoin (sc). it is claimed that the group managed to mine sc worth approximately $800,000. more than 100,000 internet kiosk computers affectedsince july last year, when the scheme is believed to have started, over 100,000 internet café computers have been infected with the malware. according to local chinese media reports a network technician at jinhua, an internet café software firm, was the brains behind the illegal cryptocurrency mining scheme. the, title=siacoin mining malware generates nearly $1 million in china-based attack, 16 arrested, summary=5% of the Monero currently in circulation is estimated to have been mined fraudulently, bleu=0.0263
summarize:the world’s largest graphic card and chip maker nvidia has officially put an end to its crypto venture, with the official announcement of its cfo colette kress. in a statement, kress said:"we believe we’ve reached a normal period as we’re looking forward to essentially no cryptocurrency as we move forward. our revenue outlook had anticipated cryptocurrency-specific products declining to approximately $100 million, while actual crypto-specific product revenue was $18 million, and we now expect a negligible contribution going forward.”jensen huang, the ceo at nvidia, echoed the negative sentiment of kress, adding that the profitability of its cryptocurrency-focused mining chips has declined substantially, as the price of cryptocurrencies moved to a downward trend. bitmain’s $1 billion profitin july, ccn reported that bitmain, the biggest, title=nvidia quits crypto due to low profit, not because of decline in demand, summary=nvidia Ends Cryptocurrency Venture with cfo Colette kress, bleu=0.0261
summarize:a malicious miner successfully executed a double spend attack on the bitcoin gold network last week, making btg at least the third altcoin to succumb to a network attack during that timespan. bitcoin gold director of communications edward iskra first warned users about the attack on may 18, explaining that a malicious miner was using the exploit to steal funds from cryptocurrency exchanges. to execute the attack, the miner acquired at least 51 percent of the network’s total hashpower, which provided them with temporary control of the blockchain. obtaining this much hashpower is incredibly expensive — even on a smaller network like bitcoin gold — but it can be monetized by using it in tandem with a double spend attack. after gaining control of the network, the attacker began depositing btg at cryptocurrency exchanges while also attempting to send those same coins to a wallet under their control, title=bitcoin gold hit by double spend attack, exchanges lose millions, summary=a Malicious Miner Scammed Bitcoin Gold with Double Spend Attack, bleu=0.0
summarize:virtual currency miners are flocking to iceland due to its abundance of renewable energy, and some lawmakers want to tax them, according to abc news. iceland’s renewable energy from hydroelectric and geothermal power plants has delivered competitive electricity rates. smari mccarthy, a lawmaker from iceland’s pirate party, wants to tax bitcoin mines. according to abc news, the lawmaker’s initiative will find support due to icelanders’ skepticism about financial speculation following the country’s banking crash in 2008. companies creating value pay taxes under normal circumstances, mccarthy told the associated press. the town of keflavik on iceland’s southern peninsula has attracted virtual currency miners who are building large construction sites on the town’s outskirts. mining to doublejohann sn, title=iceland lawmaker proposes tax on incoming cryptocurrency miners, summary=iceland Legislator Wants to Tax Bitcoin Mines, bleu=0.0569
summarize:demand from cryptocurrency miners has indirectly influenced the fortunes of gpu manufacturers advanced micro devices (amd) and nvidia, with the former’s share prices increasing by 30 percent in may 2018 alone. amd stocks rise on mining demandsince 2017, opportunistic cryptocurrency miners have started to bulk purchase gpu cards to build powerful mining rigs. while the move has augmented both profits and product demand for amd, analysts are concerned about the immediate drop in stock prices if gpu mining proves to be unprofitable, or ceases to exist, in the near future. on june 20, bernstein analyst stacy rasgon called out amd’s widely popular vega gpu, which was disappointing for investors until cryptocurrency enthusiasts brought relevance to the product. "given amd’s gpus have been preferred for mining, and, title=cryptocurrency mining affects amd stock while nvidia overestimates gpu demand, summary=Amd, nvidia: Cryptocurrency Miners Demanding gpu Cards for Mining, bleu=0.0446
summarize:an analyst at the investment firm behind the bitcoin investment trust (otc: gbtc) predicted that the zcash price could reach $60,000 by 2025 if investors begin to use it in place of traditional offshore banking services. last week, grayscale investments published the investment thesis for the zcash trust, the latest fund in its lineup of cryptocurrency-based investment products that includes the wildly-popular bitcoin investment trust and the ethereum classic trust. in the 20-page thesis, grayscale analyst matthew beck writes that that grayscale believes zcash could prove to be the "first globally accessible ‘offshore’ investment opportunity” — the proverbial swiss bank account in one’s pocket. beck notes that the offshore banking sector has declined in recent years due, in part, to "added pressure on tax evasion and increased competition.”he writes that, title=malicious cryptocurrency mining: a $100 million hacker’s dream, summary=zcash Price Could Reach $60,000 by 2025 if Investors Use it in Place of Offshore Banking, bleu=0.0229
summarize:cryptocurrency development team bitcoin abc has released a patch to address a critical vulnerability in bitcoin cash mining software. according to bitcoin abc’s incident report, the vulnerability would have allowed an attacker to initiate a split in the bitcoin cash network. to accomplish this, the attacker would have constructed a malicious transaction that included the bitflag of "0x20” in the signature hash type. the transaction would have been accepted by bitcoin-abc 0.17.0 and mined into a block but rejected by all other bitcoin cash mining software — including previous versions of bitcoin-abc. bitcoin abc was made aware of the vulnerability on april 26, and developers quietly distributed a patch to mining pool operators and "verified bitcoin cash miners” before disclosing the potential exploit to the general public. from the statement:"after analysis of the vulnerability and possible responses, bitcoin-abc developers, title=bitcoin abc patches critical vulnerability in bitcoin cash mining software, summary=Bitcoin Abc Patches Critical Bitcoin Cash Mining Vulnerabilities, bleu=0.0
summarize:privacy-centric cryptocurrency zencash (zen) has become the latest altcoin to succumb to a 51 percent attack, the project’s developers confirmed over the weekend. according to an official statement, a malicious miner successfully executed the attack — as well as at least three double spends — against the cryptocurrency’s network on june 2 at approximately 10:43 pm et. to deploy a 51 percent attack, an attacker must acquire a majority of a cryptocurrency network’s total hashrate, which provides them with the ability to reorganize the blockchain and force it to accept fraudulent blocks. typically, an attacker will monetize a 51 percent attack through a double spend attack. this is accomplished by depositing coins at a cryptocurrency exchange while also signing a transaction that sends the same coins to a wallet in their control. once the exchange credits their account with the, title=zencash latest altcoin to suffer 51 percent attack, summary=Cryptocurrency zencash is the latest altcoin to succumb to a 51 percent Attack, bleu=0.1513
summarize:for two straight days, the cryptocurrency market has continued to demonstrate signs of short-term recovery. although volumes remain low, the price of most major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, and bitcoin cash remain relatively high. bitcoinearlier today, on feburary 13, bitcoin surpassed the $9,000 mark for the first time since february 10. while bitcoin has not been able to recover beyond $10,000, which many analysts consider as the psychological threshold, bitcoin has recorded an optimistic weekly performance. in the beginning of the week, on february 6, the price of bitcoin dipped below $6,500, moving dangerously close towards $6,000. today, the price of bitcoin remains well above $8,000, and it is preparing to initiate a short-term rally to break the $9,000 mark. bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies are in an ideal position to record new gains in the upcoming days. but, the volumes of major cryptocurrencies, title=cryptocurrency market continues rebound, reaches $420 billion valuation, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Continues to Show Signs of Short-Term Recovery, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitmain is the world’s undisputed leader in cryptocurrency mining hardware manufacturing. now, it wants to fill a similar role in the artificial intelligence (ai) field as well. speaking in a rare interview, enigmatic bitmain ceo jihan wu told bloomberg that the company is channeling its expertise in developing application-specific integrated circuit (asic) chips toward a nascent ai division. wu explained that asic chips, which the company uses to produce powerful and efficient cryptocurrency miners, are also important components for particular types of deep learning. moving into this field provides the company with an excellent hedge, not only against a decline in the cryptocurrency market writ-large but also against a potential ban on mining from china’s government, which has already shown hostility toward other sectors of the cryptocurrency industry."as a china company,” he said, title=bitcoin mining giant bitmain is making a major pivot to ai, summary=Bitmain Invests in Artificial Intelligence (Ai): CEO, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptojacking is the process of installing mining scripts or outright malicious malware onto computers of unsuspecting users to mine cryptocurrencies. the most popular among these is coinhive, a javascript mining script installed on websites. hackers have been installing coinhive on websites with weak security to mine monero. since monero is a privacy coin, it makes it harder to catch criminals. a lot of high profile websites have been affected by cryptojacking. early this year, tesla’s website was hacked to mine monero using coinhive. also, a bug in drupal resulted in more than 300 sites infected with coinhive, including the websites of san diego zoo and the government of chihuahua. in an official report from uk’s national crime agency(nca), they said the, title=japanese police arrest 16 individuals in monero cryptojacking case: report, summary=Cryptojackers Install Cryptocurrency Mining Skripts on Websites to Mine Monero, bleu=0.0
summarize:gpu manufacturers nvidia and amd each enjoyed massive sales over the past year, partially thanks to miners who buy gpus to mine cryptocurrencies. however, those sales are now declining. the demand for gpus kept increasing as the value of cryptocurrencies went up throughout 2017. but after the market cap reached an all-time high of $830 billion, the market crashed and is at half that now. the demand for mining has also cooled down as it is not as lucrative it was for a few months when cryptocurrency prices surged. amd reported revenue of $1.65 billion for the first quarter of 2018 and claimed 10% of that was from gpu sales to miners. nvidia, on the other hand, reported revenue of $3.21 billion, and $289 million (9% of their total revenue) was from sales to miners. though the companies have had massive sales in the cryptocurrency industry, they are not keen to, title=declining gpu sales to cryptocurrency miners ‘healthy’: amd ceo, summary=gpu manufacturers nvidia, amd: Cryptocurrency Sales Are Declining, bleu=0.0552
summarize:bitcoin isn’t the only one going down. as the cryptocurrency keeps losing its value, other areas of the industry are starting to take its toll. as bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies all over the world, skyrocketed in value last year, a new market was born — crypto mining. i’m sure you know at least one person who either attempted to — or dreamed of, — mining bitcoin. if you were one of those people, you probably looked into the technical requirements to pursue such a venture. high-end gaming processor cards registered new unprecedented heightsas reported by computerworld in april this year, the nvidia geforce gtx1070, amd rx480, and amd rx580 were the most popular gaming processor cards — or graphics processing unit cards (gpu). at the time of their report, n, title=gamers’ relief: bitcoin bear period is bringing down high-end gpu prices, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Cardano, Nvidia: Crypto Mining Market Takes a Turn, bleu=0.0182
summarize:bitmain has announced the launch of two internet routers that can mine dash and siacoin. in a tweet shared online, the company said the new miners, known as the antrouter r3-dash and antrouter r3-sia, will function as internet routers that can mine cryptocurrencies at the same time using the devices’ idle processing power. the routers are models from bitmain’s r3 series of products, which already includes the r3 litecoin mining router. we are pleased to announce the #antrouter r3-dash & r3-sia, new miners from the r3 series that is also dual-function wifi router and crypto miner that can mine #dashcoin & #siacoin. order here dash: (https://t.co/bt7, title=bitmain releases new crypto mining internet routers for dash and siacoin, summary=Bitmain Launches Two Internet Routers to Mine Dash and Siacoin, bleu=0.038
summarize:with all the media coverage surrounding double spend attacks in recent weeks, it appears that one such exploit — a 51 percent attack on litecoin cash (lcc) — managed to slip through the cracks. litecoin cash allegedly hit by 51 percent attackthe alleged incident appears to have occurred on may 30, when russia-based cryptocurrency exchange yobit tweeted that it had identified a 51 percent attack on the coin, which forked away from litecoin (ltc) in february but has struggled to gain traction in the months since.51% attack on lcc, wds/deps turned off. awaiting update from devs.— yobit. net (@yobitexchange) may 31, 2018litecoin cash developers appeared to allude to the attack in an announcement published the following day, adding that they are discussing, title=litecoin cash allegedly the latest small-cap altcoin to suffer 51 percent attack, summary=Litecoin Cash Hit by 51 Percent Attack: Crypto Exchange Yobit, bleu=0.0342
summarize:a new mac-based cryptojacking attack was reported this past week on apple’s forums, forcing users to unwittingly run software that mines privacy coin monero. according to a malwarebytes labs blog post, the software was discovered when a user noticed that a process called "mshelper” consumed suspiciously-large amounts of cpu time. the user said that mshelper was constantly appearing in the cpu section of their activity monitor at high levels. they noticed this after installing bitdefender, which constantly relayed that mshelper was deleting it. this user tried using malwarebytes, which proved unhelpful. one reader suggested running etrecheck, which immediately identified the malware and allowed the victim to remove it. malware components identifiedmalwarebytes labs said there were other suspicious processes installed, for which it was able to find file copies. the, title=monero mining malware hits apple macs, summary=a new mac-based cryptojacking attack forces users to run software that mines monero, bleu=0.0309
summarize:lesser-known and relatively underpopulated parts of japan are beginning to attract cryptocurrency miners, largely due to the availability of cheap electricity. this includes fukui, a city in a prefecture bearing the same name and which has a population of slightly over 250,000. the city boasts not just low electricity prices but also affordable rent as a result of a subsidy program, which pays 50% of the rent for firms that move into abandoned factory spaces. according to nikkei asia review, one of the companies taking advantage of fukui’s accommodating environment is alt design, which opened shop last year in september. per the chief analyst of the startup, shuhei fujise, electricity costs are lower in fukui compared to tokyo. lower operating costsadditionally, the warehouses are spacious and the rent is cheap relative to japan’s capital."industrial-, title=cheap electricity drawing cryptocurrency miners to underpopulated areas of japan, summary=Fukui, a city in japan, is attracting cryptocurrency miners due to cheap electricity prices, bleu=0.0766
summarize:the zcash foundation has announced that it will make maintaining asic resistance an "immediate technical priority” in response to chinese mining hardware manufacturer bitmain’s claim that is has developed an application-specific integrated circuit (asic) miner that is compatible with the equihash mining algorithm. in a statement penned by executive director josh cincinnati, the zcash foundation said that it will immediately begin devoting resources to investigating the "presence and power of asics on the zcash network,” as well as convene a technical advisory board to provide "scientifically grounded inputs” on the matter. as ccn reported, bitmain announced last week that it would begin shipping the first equihash asic miner — the antminer z9 mini — in june. asics are significantly, title=zcash foundation to make asic resistance ‘immediate technical priority’, summary=zcash Foundation to Make Asic Resistance an “Immediate Technical Priority” in Response to Bitmain Claims, bleu=0.0313
summarize:enterprise:mlb to launch "mlb crypto” dapp game: major league baseball announced this week that it would be launching a dapp for buying and selling digital avatars representing moments in baseball games. the move comes as a way to attract younger crowds to baseball who have largely shunned the sport. go blockchain game to launch: lee sedol the go world champion who lost to google ai alphago in 2016 has announced a blockchain based version of go, in collaboration with the blockchain, inc. the project, named goblock will run on the ethereum network and follow in the steps of other ethereum based games such as mlb crypto, cryptokitties, and cryptozombies. thai bond market association to launch ‘bond coin’: the thai bond market association has announced that, title=crypto mining decline expected to slash gpu prices, summary=Major League Baseball Launches ‘Mlb Crypto’ dapp for buying and selling digital avatars, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin users can now access the lightning network (ln) through their mobile devices, thanks to a new release from french cryptocurrency startup acinq. on wednesday, the paris-based developer released the first mainnet version of eclair wallet, a mobile lightning wallet compatible with android devices versions 5.0 and up. the app is the first mobile wallet to add ln support, a key development given that one of the ln’s chief use cases is everyday payments. source: acinq/google playeclair — which is written in scala — is one of three current ln implementations. lnd, which is being developed by lightning labs, is written in go, while c-lightning — developed by blockstream — is written in c. the mobile eclair app interfaces with both the normal bitcoin blockchain, title=$1.1 million: malicious miner exploits verge network for seven-figure payday, summary=French Cryptocurrency Startup acinq Releases a Mobile Lightning Wallet, bleu=0.0
summarize:google co-founder sergey brin credits ethereum mining with playing a central role in the recent "boom in computing” that is helping drive a "technology renaissance.”brin made the statements in a glowing letter to investors, where he gushed, "we are truly in a technology renaissance, an exciting time where we can see applications across nearly every segment of modern society.”he explained:"there are several factors at play in this boom of computing. first, of course, is the steady hum of moore’s law...the second factor is greater demand, stemming from advanced graphics in gaming and, surprisingly, from the gpu-friendly proof-of-work algorithms found in some of today’s leading cryptocurrencies, such as ethereum.”google’s crypto ad ban takes affect in jun, title=ethereum mining helping drive computing boom, says google co-founder, summary=Google Co-Founder: “We are truly in a technology renaissance”, bleu=0.0
summarize:privacy-centric cryptocurrency verge (xvg) appears to have succumbed to a 51 percent attack for the second time since the beginning of april. according to data published on bitcointalk by forum user ocminer — operator of altcoin mining pool suprnova — an attacker appears to have successfully forked the verge blockchain through a 51 percent attack. to accomplish this, the attacker manipulated a bug in the verge code that allows malicious miners to set false timestamps on blocks and then rapidly mine new ones in quick succession.$xvg @vergecurrency is once again under attack, someone is 51%'ing the chain and invalidating all legit blocks. all pools and miners suffer from this, the attacker is getting all blocks currently.— supr nova *no giveaways* (@suprnovapool, title=privacy coin verge succumbs to 51% attack [again], summary=Cryptocurrency Verge Succumbs to 51 Percent Attack, bleu=0.0742
summarize:between may 13th and 15th, monacoin, a cryptocurrency developed in japan, appears to have suffered from a network attack that caused roughly $90,000 in damages. the attack appears to have been a selfish mining attack, where one miner successfully mines a block on the blockchain but does not broadcast the new block to other miners. if the secret miner can then find a second block before the rest of the miners find any new blocks, then the secret miner has now effectively created a branch in the chain that is longer than the chain everyone else is working on. as is standard in most blockchain protocols, the chain with more blocks is considered by the mining network to be the correct chain, as it has the most "proof of work.” so, when the secret miner makes their longer chain public, it invalidates any and all of the blocks discovered by other miners during the time the secret chain, title=japanese cryptocurrency monacoin hit by selfish mining attack, summary=Japanese Cryptocurrency Monacoin Hits $90,000 in Damages by Secret Mining Attack, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the eos community is once again left looking for solutions now that developers have identified a smart contract bug that allows malicious contract authors to effectively consume network resources owned by other users. eos smart contract exploit consumes ramto reduce spam, eos requires users to purchase a scarce in-network resource called "ram” to deploy smart contracts and run decentralized applications (dapps). recently, developers discovered that attackers could create malicious smart contracts that exploit the scripting language’s notifications feature, which allows one contract to notify other contracts of specific events (e.g. an incoming token transfer). the malicious contracts use that feature to fill other users’ ram with "garbage” data, permanently freezing the ram and preventing victims from using it for valid purposes or selling it back to the network. the exploit can affect both ordinary users and certain smart contracts, but, importantly, they’re only at, title=eos searches for solutions as ram exploit plagues users, summary=eos Smart Contract Exploit Allows Malicious Contract Authors to Consume Network Resources, bleu=0.0339
summarize:stock trading app robinhood has made ethereum classic (etc) the sixth cryptocurrency listed on its recently-launched crypto trading platform. the $5.6 billion firm unveiled support for ethereum classic on monday, providing investors in eligible u. s. states with the ability to hold etc in their portfolios alongside their traditional equities investments. robinhood has been rolling out cryptocurrency trading on a state-by-state basis as it obtains the money transmitter licenses to operate in each individual jurisdiction. at present, the service is available to investors in 19 states, most recently iowa and georgia. the service, which launched with support for bitcoin (btc) and ethereum (eth), has also been gradually expanding the range of cryptocurrency assets listed on the robinhood crypto platform. in addition to etc, the firm has in recent months also listed bitcoin, title=ethereum classic becomes the 6th cryptocurrency listed on robinhood crypto, summary=Stock Trading App robinhood Announces Support for Ether Classic Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.042
summarize:cryptocurrency-powered web browser brave has now been downloaded more than five million times from the google play mobile app store. the ad-blocking browser, which was co-founded by mozilla firefox creator brendan eich, reached this significant milestone last thursday, just six months after crossing the one million download threshold. this rapid growth has come on the heels of several high profile partnerships, including one with dow jones media group that provides a limited number of brave users with access to premium content from several of the company’s publications. the app even received a cameo in a recent episode of iconic news program 60 minutes, when yelp ceo jeremy stoppelman used the app during a segment profiling allegations that google has engaged in anti-competitive behavior in how it manages its ubiquitous search engine.@brendaneich nice @brave, title=crypto-powered brave browser hits 5 million downloads in google play store, summary=Cryptocurrency Browser Brave Hits Five Million Downloads from Google Play Store, bleu=0.0
summarize:in what seems like an apparent attempt to attract the growing cryptocurrency investors base, thomson reuters (nyse: tri) will now start feeding data of the 50 cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum into its financial desktop platform, eikon. thomson reuter’s eikon provides real-time and historical data from mainstream markets. the platform has more than 190,000 subscribers, including professional traders and institutional investors, who turn to its award-winning news, analytics, and data visualization tools to locate profitable trading opportunities and to minimize investment risks as a whole. prior to cryptocurrencies, eikon had already been listing data of a variety of asset classes, including forex, commodities, and equities. cryptocompare, a renowned cryptocurrency data aggregator, meanwhile has confirmed that it will be the one to integrate its "order book and trade data, title=thomson reuters adds 50 cryptocurrency prices to institutional data feed, summary=thomson reuters to Add Cryptocurrency Data to its Financial Desktop Platform, bleu=0.083
summarize:the development team behind eos said that the recent discovery of what have been described as "epic vulnerabilities” in the blockchain project’s source code will not prevent developers from shipping the software on time. writing on twitter, the eos developers criticized media outlets who reported that the recently-discovered vulnerability — which researchers said would allow an attacker to gain control of all network-connected nodes — would delay the release of the eos mainnet. media has incorrectly reported a potential delay in the release of eosio v1 due to software vulnerabilities. our team has already fixed most and is hard at work with the remaining ones. eosio v1 is on schedule; please stay tuned to our eosio channels for official information.— eos (@eos_io) may 30, 2018"media has incorrectly reported a potential, title=eos denies protocol bugs will delay mainnet launch, summary=eos Developers Criticize Media Reports of Delay in Release of v1 Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0339
summarize:the hackers behind last week’s $530 million coincheck heist have once again begun moving the stolen xem tokens, marking the beginning of what will likely be a cat-and-mouse game to launder the funds. blockchain data demonstrates that the hackers made a litany of transfers from their primary address to a variety of other addresses on jan. 30. each transaction transferred 100 xem, worth approximately $77 at the present exchange rate. source: ournem.comthat represents a small percentage of the 500 million xem the hackers raked in during the theft, but it likely indicates that they are attempting to launder the stolen funds."when people look to launder these types of funds, they sometimes spread it into smaller transactions because it’s less likely to trigger (exchanges’) anti-money laundering (mechanisms),” tom robin, title=hackers behind $530 million coincheck heist begin moving stolen funds, summary=Cryptocurrency Heist Hackers Transfer 100 xem to Other Addresses to Launder Funds, bleu=0.0
summarize:as previously reported by ccn, venezuela is set to issue its petro cryptocurrency through a token sale. out of the 100 million petros venezuelan leader nicolás maduro ordered, about 38.4 million will go to institutional investors in a month-long presale, set to begin march 1. this presale, according to bloomberg, will be private, obscuring the potential discounts the country offers investors. previous reports claimed venezuela would offer institutional investors a discount of up to 60 percent, and a final draft of the petro whitepaper claims the transactions will be private. after the month-long presale, the petro will be sold to the public at decreasing discounts, to stimulate early demand. the public sale will see 44 million petros sold, and will begin after the presale is over. it will feature four levels of small, title=venezuela reveals petro will be an erc-20 token with a private presale, summary=venezuela to Issue Cryptocurrency through a Token Sale, bleu=0.0398
summarize:us president donald trump has issued an executive order banning us citizens from buying, trading or dealing in cryptocurrencies (the petro) related to the venezuelan government. in what is certain to be the first crypto-related executive action taken by a us president, the white house revealed donald trump’s executive order to unconditionally ban all activities related to venezuelan government-issued or related cryptocurrencies within the united states. the move was "in light of recent actions taken by the maduro regime to attempt to circumvent u. s. sanctions by issuing a digital currency in a process that venezuela’s democratically elected national assembly has denounced as unlawful,” the white house said. an excerpt from the executive order confirmed:all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a united states person or, title=telegram’s cryptocurrency could be worth $200 billion, but is the ico overpriced?, summary=u.S. President Bans US Citizens from Cryptocurrencies Related to venezuela, bleu=0.0
summarize:japan’s capital tokyo is now home to crypto-friendly belgian restaurant st. arnould. according to the japan times, it ran for a length of eight years in the previous city until the owner, yousuke sato, decided to move from nagoya to akasaka, a tokyo district in november, 2017. sato’s journey in cryptocurrencysato was busy running a restaurant famous for its belgian beers and traditional food items including cheeses and stewed beef carbonade when a cryptocurrency user visited him two years ago. he allowed the customer to pay for a 1,200 pizza with xem. sato immediately became interested in this new virtual world, "i became interested in virtual currencies about five years ago and began tweeting about them. i thought it would, title=xem-friendly belgian restaurant proves a hit in tokyo, summary=tokyo’s st. arnould is now a crypto-friendly belgian restaurant, bleu=0.0929
summarize:major league baseball (mlb) has taken a step into the blockchain and crypto world by launching its own ethereum-based game, "mlb crypto,” in partnership with blockchain dapp developer lucid sight, yahoo finance has reported. welcome baseball fans! proud to be partnering with @mlb to bring true digital ownership to #baseball  stay tuned for more announcements! #mlbcrypto— mlbcryptobaseball (@mlbcrypto) july 13, 2018the official website of mlb crypto is now live, however, the game is yet to launch. users will be able to use their ether to buy digital mlb collectibles, play games to level up, or earn various rewards. similar to cryptokitties, these collectibles could also be sold via the ethereum blockchain to other crypto users, title=ethereum’s next big game will offer major league baseball collectibles, summary=Major League Baseball Launches ethereum-Based Crypto Game: 'Mlb Crypto', bleu=0.0
summarize:a chinese investor has filed a lawsuit against cryptocurrency exchange okcoin regarding more than 38 bitcoin cash that he claims the platform failed to distribute to him following last year’s hard fork, according to a charge sheet on legalweekly. the plaintiff, known only by the pseudonym feng bin, claims he was expecting to get the bch "airdrop” that occurred when the cryptocurrency hard forked away from the main bitcoin blockchain. upon attempting to withdraw the 38.748 bch, which corresponds to his btc balance at the time of fork, bin "found that there was no button” to withdraw the bch as the exchange had promised. as a result, the investor has filed a $25,000 lawsuit against the platform, and he is also demanding reparations due to "losses” suffered from not being able to sell his bch, title=chinese investor sues okcoin over bitcoin cash from last year’s hard fork, summary=a chinese Investor Sues okcoin over 38 Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0756
summarize:a software application has been discovered that installs code for mining monero and sending the coins to kim il sung university in pyongyang, north korea. the report by alien vault, a security firm, indicates north korea is seeking sources of cash for its suffering economy. the application was created on dec. 24 and uses host computers to mine monero, the firm noted. the software is often used in malware campaigns and was recently used in campaigns exploiting iis servers to mine monero, alien vault noted. the firm noted cryptocurrencies may provide a financial lifeline to a country hit hard by sanctions, and that the software may be the most recent product of endeavors at the university. one north korean ip address has also been active on bitcoin trading sites, the firm noted. another security firm, ahn lab, noted the address is, title=rogue software mines and sends monero to north korean university, summary=North korean University Miners Monero, Sends Coins to University, Security Firm Says, bleu=0.0338
summarize:ethereum’s most well-known founder and, perhaps, most benevolent influence-wielder is starting april off the way he normally does: cracking jokes. but after the joke itself played out on github via buterin’s ethereum improvement proposal (eip) #960 — the joke being, according to buterin, to laugh at how many people argued the "realness” of the proposal, rather than the proposal itself, things got interesting because buterin volunteered that he had begun to change his feelings on the matter of ethereum supply. buterin called this a "meta” joke, and did appear to illustrate an important point, that in the cryptocurrency community we often fail to address the matter at hand, but a lot of related issues instead. within the discussion of the community leader’s proposal can be found discussion of ethereum, title=vitalik buterin makes (semi-)legitimate proposal on capping ether supply, summary=ethereum’s Most benevolent influence-wielder Cracks a “Meta” Joke, bleu=0.0
summarize:dash core ceo ryan taylor had a nasty surprise yesterday when his social media accounts and cellphone were hacked by "cybercriminals”, who gleefully ran amok with his twitter account in particular by posting vulgar and racist comments and harrassing justin sun of tron. a thread was opened on 4chan, the anonymous online forum in the /biz section which is dedicated to business and finance. in it a user claimed to have control of taylor’s twitter account and proved it to the other members before asking them to vote on new posts and make suggestions, which they did."you should do a fake exit scam and cause dash to dump lol”"post that all dash private transactions will be revealed because dash users have nothing to hide”"noooo!!!! you should have posted a believable fud about dash being bankrupt, title=dash core ceo ryan taylor hacked, twitter account hijacked by 4chan trolls, summary=ryan taylor’s twitter account hacked by "cybercriminals", bleu=0.0769
summarize:an initial coin offering (ico) operated by a little-known company in china and backed by a former macau gangster raised $750 million in less than five minutes. the south china morning post reports that world hung mun investment — led by former 14k triad gangster "broken tooth” wan kuok-koi — sold 450 million "hb” tokens at three release parties held in cambodia, thailand, and the philippines. the firm intends to hold a final event in malaysia on wednesday and release a total of 50 million more tokens to the public. these 500 million tokens will comprise half of the total hb supply. according to offering documents, the firm plans to use this capital to sponsor chess and poker tournaments online, as well as throughout china’s hain, title=fmr. macau gangster raises $750 million in 5-minute ico, summary=China’s Little-Known Cryptocurrency Firm Raises $750 Million in 5 Minutes, bleu=0.0884
summarize:"kin needs to be scaled now.”that’s how netanel lev, vice president of research and development at kin, explained kik messenger’s decision to fork stellar and develop a proprietary blockchain for its cryptocurrency. the decision to fork stellar, announced on tuesday, is the culmination of a months-long struggle on the part of kin’s developers to find a platform that can reliably scale to accommodate kik’s several million active users."most crypto projects to date have been technology-driven first and product-driven second. kin has always been the opposite,” said ted livingston, founder and ceo of kin and kik, in a statement. "after working heads down alongside the best minds in the industry we came to the conclusion that a hybrid solution of ethereum and our own fork of stellar would benefit the kin, title=kin to fork stellar, launch a proprietary blockchain, summary=kik forks stellar and develops a proprietary blockchain for its cryptocurrency, bleu=0.1499
summarize:sheila bair, a former chair of the federal deposit and insurance corporation in the u. s., thinks the u. s. federal reserve bank should seriously consider issuing a digital currency to reduce the risk of a financial crisis and improve monetary policy. writing in yahoo finance, she noted that market volatility continues to shake confidence in banking systems. the u. s. has experienced a subprime crisis in the last decade, while europe suffered a debt crisis, she noted. meanwhile, italy is considering leaving the eurozone while brazil, russia, portugal, ukraine and venezuela have all experienced setbacks. bitcoin, designed to be a payment system outside of the banking system, has not succeeded in gaining traction a payment system, bair noted, on account of its volatility. no one, title=former fdic chair urges fed to consider issuing central bank digital currency, summary=u.s. Federal Reserve Bank Should Issue Digital Currency to Reduce Risk of Financial Crisis, bleu=0.0229
summarize:britain’s junior finance minister john glen has confirmed an upcoming government research effort in seeking to better understand and look into potential risks of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. speaking at a financial conference on monday, glen cited concerns with crypto-related risks, particularly after the "explosion of growth” of prominent currencies like bitcoin in the mainstream. as a result, the minister revealed that britain’s government and regulators will take a detailed look into potential risks related to cryptocurrencies with new research, reuters reports. he stated:"in our upcoming fintech strategy, the government will announce further work with the financial conduct authority [the financial regulator and watchdog] and the bank of england [the central bank] to consider these issues in more detail.”the minister’s revelation comes within a month of the treasury select committee – a powerful collection, title=about trump’s petro ‘ban’: cryptocurrencies ignore invisible lines, summary=britain’s Finance Minister Announces Government Research on Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0
summarize:the creators of chat app kik and the kin cryptocurrency are making a multi-million dollar bet that crypto tokens can help the firm create and monetize digital economies. the kin foundation on wednesday began accepting applications for the kin developer program, which will pay up to 25 developers a total of nearly $3 million to create and maintain independent "kin economies” over a six-month period. developers accepted into the program will each receive up to $116,000 — paid out in a combination of usd and kin tokens — for creating apps that are based on the kin ecosystem sdk and provide users with in-app opportunities to earn and spend kin in digital environments. they will also receive personal mentorship over the course of the program."up until now, developers haven’t had access to a consumer-ready cryptocurrency that can easily be integrated into mainstream apps and platforms, title=kik messenger launches $3 million developer fund to create 25 ‘kin economies’, summary=kik, kin to Pay $3 Million to Create and monetize Digital Economy with Tokens, bleu=0.0582
summarize:two brazilian football teams, atlético-pr and corinthians, have reportedly recently signed partnerships with hong kong-based crypto startup inoovi, which recently launched its "ivi” token specifically for the sport. according to local news outlet portal do bitcoin, the president of atlético-pr’s deliberative council, mario celso petraglia, revealed the partnership this week, announcing it as an "innovation in brazil’s sports market.”per the news outlet, the partnership gives atlético-pr a 12-month grace period to start using the ivi token and promote inoovit by adding its name to the team’s uniforms and website, while encouraging the team behind it to use the token. after the 12-month grace period, the club and the company behind it are set to start using the cryptocurrency in negotiations, to pay for, title=brazilian football teams ink partnerships with crypto startup inoovi, summary=atlético-pr and Corinthians Sign Partnership with Crypto Startup inoovi, bleu=0.0567
summarize:waltonchain, a china-based blockchain company that’s set to provide the internet of things (iot) a commercial ecosystem, recently ran a promotional campaign for valentine’s day, that allowed lucky users to win a part of a 565 wtc (roughly $10,700) prize pool just for following the project on social media. the company released a list of over 200 winners on twitter. these, according to a blog post, will receive 2.14 wtc tokens, while another 5 lucky winners will receive an extra 21.4 tokens. accidentally, a waltonchain employee revealed he was among the 200 lucky winners, while still posting from the company’s official twitter account. the result was a controversial image now circulating on social media:crypto confucius say: "it takes years to earn trust and seconds to destroy it"#walt, title=waltonchain embroiled in controversy as employee wins token giveaway, summary=China-Based Blockchain Company Wins $10,700 for Following the Project on Twitter, bleu=0.0
summarize:the government of south korea has already announced that it will regulate cryptocurrency exchanges like banks, with stricter regulations. the recent bithumb hack will fasten the process of implementing the country’s first cryptocurrency regulatory framework. investors shockedpreviously, on june 11, ccn reported that after months of discussion, the government of south korea and local financial agencies including the korea financial intelligence unit (kfiu) came to a consensus to properly regulate the cryptocurrency market with a primary focus of protecting investors and preventing large-scale hacking attacks."under current regulations, there are clear limitations in preventing money laundering on crypto exchanges because the only way authorities can spot suspicious transactions is through banks. if the bill of lawmaker jae yoon-kyung from the democratic party of korea passes, local authorities will be able to impose identical regulations on crypto, title=korea to hasten cryptocurrency regulation after hack of country’s biggest exchange, summary=South Korea to Regulate Cryptocurrency Exchanges Like Banks, bleu=0.038
summarize:yet another securities fraud lawsuit has been filed against ripple in california. in the latest suit, the lead plaintiff, david oconer, is seeking to have the xrp cryptocurrency classified as a security. the case was filed in california’s superior court sitting in san mateo county and has named ripple labs, its chief executive officer, brad garlinghouse, and xrp ii llc, a money service business unit of ripple labs, as defendants. according to the lawsuit, the way xrp cryptocurrency is managed and distributed by ripple labs as well as how the coin is conflated with the company’s product offerings makes xrp a security. consequently, the suit claims that the firm has thus violated securities laws by selling it. ripple labs is also alleged to have promoted, title=ripple slapped with [another] suit alleging xrp is a security, summary=xrp Cryptocurrency Suit: Ripple Labs, a Money Service, Is Classed as Security, bleu=0.0313
summarize:software security researcher guido vranken had an incredible week this month – he discovered 12 vulnerabilities in the eos software. using the bounty platform hackerone, eos developer block.one launched a bug bounty program to improve the product on may 31, 2018, and vranken took full advantage of it. at the time of writing, hackerone shows that vranken earned a total of $90,000, but he wrote on twitter that the final number will be $120,000 once the tally updates. eos is still updating the hacker activity and has already thanked him, along with another hacker. the base amount for finding any bug in the software is currently $10,000. according to tech news website zdnet, eos team members were impressed by vranken’s work and offered him a permanent job. however, it hasn’, title=researcher earns $120k in 7 days by exposing bugs in eos source code, summary=eos Developer Block.one Launches Bug Bounty Program, Earns $90,000, bleu=0.034
summarize:grayscale investments, the company behind the bitcoin investment trust (otc: gbtc), announced tuesday that it had opened four new investment products that provide investors with exposure to cryptocurrencies in a more familiar wrapper. bitcoin investment trust creator launches four new crypto fundsthe new funds — the ethereum investment trust, ripple investment trust, bitcoin cash investment trust, and litecoin investment trust — will each hold positions in a single cryptocurrency."we are thrilled to expand grayscale’s offerings to meet rising investor demand,” said michael sonnenshein, grayscale’s managing director, in a media release. "our team is committed to bridging the gap between the global investment community and the digital currency asset class. we remain focused on product creation and will continue to launch more single-asset and diversified products to provide exposure where investors are looking for it.”, title=bitcoin investment trust creator launches four new crypto funds, summary=Bitcoin Investment Trust Creator Grayscale Launches 4 Cryptocurrency Funds, bleu=0.0
summarize:what happened in crypto this week? price watchbitcoin is up 16% this week to $9,000. this comes as part of an increase across the entire cryptocurrency market. it’s also likely the result of higher trading volumes. fundstrat’s thomas lee made a price prediction of bitcoin reaching $91,000 by march 28, 2020. morgan stanley likened bitcoin to the dotcom crash. ethereum is up 4% this week to $539. as usual, it’s trailing bitcoin in its recovery. barring any sudden crash from bitcoin, many analysts expect a strong week. the entire crypto market is up 10% this week. although the market was mostly sideways, it appears to have finished strong. regulation:more ad bans: twitter announced this week it’s banning cryptocurrency ads with limited exceptions. this comes on the heels of a similar ban from google last week, title=trump bans petro, a pacquiao ico and the caribbean goes crypto: week in review, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: ethereum Trailing Bitcoin in Recovery, bleu=0.026
summarize:taipei city is raising its fintech profile and will be powered by iota’s distributed ledger technology. taiwan’s capital is partnering with berlin nonprofit iota foundation for its iot-driven tangle technology as well as biilabs, a blockchain startup, for its transformation into an app-driven smart city, one that iota’s co-founder dominik schiener says will affect voter fraud. taipei mayor ko wen-je recently traveled to warsaw in a trip whose mission included a focus on smart cities, and this partnership with iota is evidence of his commitment to the technology. iota’s distributed ledger technology is unique because it uses a proprietary protocol dubbed tangle, which is famous for having no blocks and, title=taipei taps iota blockchain tech for smart city upgrade, summary=taipei to be powered by iot’s Blockchain-Powered Smart City, bleu=0.0477
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets experienced a labored recovery on monday after the deep bitcoin price sell-off that occurred over the weekend. monero price headlines monday recoverymonero (xmr) has seen a huge rebound in the past 24 hours, up nearly 15% to $128.86. monero saw a steep sell-off with the news out of the united states that the secret service recommended a crackdown on privacy cryptocurrencies, as ccn reported on june 22. the coin has also appeared recently in the news for its use in crypto-jacking malware. lastly, speculation has swirled that bitmain has dumped larch amounts of xmr coins as retaliation for the project’s efforts to disable asic miners from using the blockchain. the beatings from all the poor news for monero in particular recently could have thus led to an, title=bitcoin price leads monday recovery as market fights off weekend firesale, summary=Monero Price Recovers 15% after Secret Service Recommends Privacy Crackdown, bleu=0.0
summarize:george soros thinks cryptocurrencies are a bubble. he’s about to start trading them anyway. the billionaire investors and business magnate won’t be trading them personally, of course, but bloomberg reports that adam fisher — who runs soros fund management’s macro investing operation — has secured internal approval to begin trading cryptoassets. fisher reportedly received the go-ahead to begin trading cryptocurrencies sometime during the last few months, which is notable given public statements soros made about cryptoassets during the same period. soros was one of many prominent financiers to address cryptocurrencies as an asset class at this year’s world economic forum in davos, and he did not strike an optimistic tone. but though he denigrated bitcoin as a bubble, he also argued that cryptocurrencies would not have a "very sharp break” as most asset, title=vitalik buterin continues to troll tron over whitepaper plagiarism allegations, summary=adam fisher to Start Trading Cryptoassets: Soros Fund Manager, bleu=0.042
summarize:venezuela’s token el petro, the world’s first state cryptocurrency, would have raised $ 5 billion in its initial money offer (ico), according to venezuelan president nicolás maduro. however, upon a review of the claim ccn and criptomoedas fácil, the numbers announced by maduro have great chances of being false given that the announced value is impossible to have been collected. according to the whitepaper on the official site of the initiative, exactly 38,400,000 tokens were on offer worth $ 60 each token (not counting the discount of 60% announced by the government during this phase). crunching the numbers, the maximum the government could raise would be $ 2.304 billion, not counting the discount. if maduro tells the truth in his announcement, he does not tell the truth in the official document of, title=venezuela’s president may have falsified information on the petro, summary=el petro, the world’s first state cryptocurrency, would have raised $ 5 billion in its initial money offer, bleu=0.0252
summarize:an intramural debate among bitcoin cash developers about the future of the bch protocol is heating up, with a development group backed by nchain and craig wright vowing to create a new full node client that does not include the so-called "unnecessary changes” being added to bitcoin abc, the most popular full node bch client. craig wright-backed nchain to launch competing bch clientdubbed bitcoin sv — a not-so-subtle acronym for "satoshi vision” — the software, in nchain’s words, is designed "to provide a clear bch implementation choice for miners who support bitcoin’s original vision, over implementations that seek to make unnecessary changes to the original bitcoin protocol.”the company says that bitcoin sv will double down even, title=satoshi’s vision: craig wright to launch bch node to ‘restore original bitcoin protocol’, summary=craig wright-backed nchain to launch a new bch client called bitcoin sv, bleu=0.0721
summarize:the lead developer of monero has unveiled a new second-layer protocol that will allow users to create and trade digital assets on top of the privacy-centric cryptocurrency’s network. the open-source project, called tari, will make it possible to program and issue non-fungible assets like loyalty points, in-game items, and concert tickets over the blockchain. the tokens will function similarly to erc-721 tokens in the ethereum network (e.g. cryptokitties), enabling users to take ownership of unique digital assets."tari will fundamentally change the way we interact with digital assets,” said co-founder naveen jain. "we are building an amazing team to steward the most useful decentralized platform in existence, empowering anyone to issue, manage, use and transfer their digital assets.”though not the first project to use blockchain technology to allow users to trade digital assets, co-founders, title=monero lead developer unveils second-layer protocol ‘tari’, summary=Monero’s tari Project Will Allow Users to Issue Non-Fungible Assets Over the Blockchain, bleu=0.0
summarize:the hacker(s) behind the $550 million theft of 500 million nem tokens from japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck are reportedly close to cashing out their ill-gotten gains completely. an analysis of online transactions records related to the stolen nem by a tokyo cybersecurity firm sees nearly all of the funds laundered through dark web channels, according to a nikkei report. as of thursday evening, last week, a dark web portal selling the stolen nem funds was showing zero balance, tokyo-based security firm l plus confirmed. this particular dark web website was initially set up on february 7 by an operator offering to exchange the stolen nem into other cryptocurrencies. in the immediate aftermath of the january 26th heist, some of the stolen nem was transferred to a third-party digital wallet unrelated to the heist, title=cryptojacking campaign uses five-year-old vulnerability to rake in monero, summary=a tokyo cybersecurity firm sees nearly all of the stolen nem funds laundered through dark web channels, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuela’s minister of foreign trade and international investment josé vielma mora announced on thursday, feb. 8, that foreign investors will be accepting payments for their goods in petro, says latin american government-sponsored news outlet telesur. the petro, an oil-backed state cryptocurrency set to be released in both a pre-sale and an initial coin offering (ico), was first announced by venezuelan president nicolas maduro in december 2017. the petro’s white paper released jan. 30 explains that the idea for the petro came from hugo chavez, who had envisioned a "strong currency backed by raw materials.” mora said that brazilian businesspeople are prepared to invest $300 mln in venezuela, beginning with a $100 mln in, title=venezuela’s cryptocurrency petro finds foreign investors, ico to take place in march, summary=petro to be a Pre-Sale and ICO: venezuelan Minister of Foreign Trade, bleu=0.0367
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the analyst community in the form of large investment banks continues to view bitcoin as a bubble, with some suggesting that it has burst. this, however, has not stopped the flow of talent from wall street to the crypto universe. additionally, china, which has banned trading in cryptocurrencies is zooming ahead with the development of blockchain technology. in a recent move, the chinese government has launched a $1.6 billion blockchain fund to support more projects and startups. the european commission has asked europe to work towards playing a leading role in the field of blockchain technology. japan leads the world in trading of cryptocurrencies. the japanese cryptocurrency business association (jcba) believes that there are 3.5 million active traders in digital currencies. most developed nations, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, april 11, summary=China Launches $1.6 Billion Blockchain Fund to Support More Startups, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. a survey by thomson reuters shows that one in five financial institutions is planning to start cryptocurrency trading within the next 12 months. the survey included large banks, hedge funds and asset managers. this will probably mean a huge flood of fresh money will vie for the limited number of digital cryptocurrencies. goldman sachs has already made the first move as it has hired a crypto trader, justin schmidt, to head its digital asset markets division. as soon as one investment bank enters this space, the others will also take the plunge. investor tim draper has said that bitcoin is bigger than the internet, the industrial revolution, the renaissance and the iron age. the exchanges are also recognizing the need to, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, april 25, summary=Goldman sachs Hires Cryptocurrency Trader Justin schmidt to Head Digital Asset Markets Division, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency purists have always judged new coins by a few important factors. on top of that list has always been decentralization. however, one of the bigger coins in the cryptocurrency market has been hiding in plain sight with its centralized nature. but, its recent boom that saw it finish last year as one of top performing crypto assets has seen it garner a lot of hate. what is causing this ripple in the market? ripple, a token created by the company of the same name that aims to facilitate transfers between major financial corporations. in this goal, it has seen much success over 2017 with a few major banks partnering with it. despite working with central banks, it is the centralized nature that has many up in arms. when the system was created in 2013, the development team removed many of the key features you find in most other cryptocurrencies. this was done in so that the token could be geared, title=ripple hate: is ripple a wolf in sheep’s clothing?, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Hit by Hate, bleu=0.0202
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the pullback in cryptocurrencies could not sustain as fears of a clampdown by the regulators again sent them crashing down. the latest news came from the japan financial services agency, as it issued a warning for binance, the largest cryptocurrency exchange by volume, for operating in japan without a license. binance, which was founded in hong kong said that it is "in conversation” with the fsa to seek a license. additionally, it is examining the possibility of opening an office in malta, according to the founder zhao changpeng. such obstacles are to be expected in any new asset class, more so, if it has a reputation of being preferred by tax hoarders and money launder, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 23, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar, Litecoin, Cardano, EOS: Price Analysis – Can Binance Hold a License?, bleu=0.0243
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the massive upwards movement in cryptocurrencies over 2017 has not gone unnoticed. the participants at the world economic forum (wef) in davos are being questioned about cryptocurrencies and cointelegraph has been one of the main voices representing the fraternity. the traditional investors are still not willing to accept the rising clout of the cryptocurrencies and are pushing for tighter regulation. only recently, nordea bank banned its employees from owning bitcoin by feb. 28. however, this move is facing strong opposition from the large unions. even the fears of a cryptocurrency ban by south korea gathered a massive petition opposing the move. finally, the korean government only banned the traders from using anonymous bank accounts, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, iota, litecoin, nem, cardano: price analysis, jan. 25, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Litecoin, Ether, Cardano, EOS: Price Analysis – XRP vs. Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0261
summarize:the national bank of ukraine (nbu) has said it is "considering” introducing a digital version of its national currency, the hryvnia, that is not based on blockchain, at least for now. the central bank reported in a facebook post thursday jan. 11 that it is studying "new and innovative technologies” as part of the country’s so-called cashless economy project, of which the potential e-hryvnia is a part. the nbu drew a distinction between the digital currency it has in mind and a state-issued cryptocurrency, which would by definition be based on blockchain technology: "however, the national bank would like to specify that what is meant here is the possible introduction of an electronic hryvnia, not our own cryptocurrency.” the nbu also noted that the possibility, title=ukraine wants a national digital currency, not its own cryptocurrency, summary=ukraine’s National Bank Considers Introducing a Cryptocurrency based on Blockchain, bleu=0.038
summarize:france’s chief financial markets watchdog said thursday that it will crack down on unregulated cryptocurrency futures and derivatives trading. in a statement, the autorite des marches financiers (amf) said that it had observed a variety of online trading platforms launch cryptocurrency-based derivatives such as binary options, contracts for differences (cfds), and forex contracts. the agency, which attributed this development to the "recent cryptocurrency boom,” said that it had concluded that cash-settled cryptocurrency contracts qualified as derivatives, making them subject to amf oversight."the amf concludes that a cash-settled cryptocurrency contract may qualify as a derivative, irrespective of the legal qualification of a cryptocurrency,” the agency said in the statement. "as a result, online platforms which offer cryptocurrency derivatives fall within the scope of mifid 2 and must therefore comply with the author, title=eth or nem? the confusion surrounding venezuela’s ‘petro’ token blockchain, summary=France to Crackdown on Cryptocurrency Futures and Derivatives Trading, bleu=0.0
summarize:as reported by ccn, venezuela is going to issue its petro cryptocurrency through a token sale. out of the 100 million petros venezuelan leader nicolás maduro ordered, about 38 million will go to institutional investors, in a month-long presale set to begin on february 15. only institutional investors will participate in the presale, and will reportedly be able to buy the cryptocurrency at a discount of up to 60 percent. according to reuters, venezuela has now revealed that it will accept cryptocurrencies and hard currencies during the presale. the country’s fiat currency, the bolivar, will notably not be accepted. carlos vargas, the government’s cryptocurrency superintendent, bullishly appointed by nicolás maduro to "govern” the petro and its transactions, title=venezuela to accept hard currencies and cryptocurrencies in petro presale, summary=venezuela to Issue Petro Cryptocurrency Through a Token Sale, bleu=0.0853
summarize:venezuelan leader nicolás maduro has recently announced that within one week, the county is going to launch a new cryptocurrency, the petro gold. the cryptocurrency, according to local news source telesur, will be backed by precious metals. notably, maduro’s announcement was made wednesday (feb. 21), one day after venezuela launched its oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro. as covered by ccn, the petro (ptr) was announced back in december, as a way for the country to bypass sanctions and fight an "economic war” with the united states. the petro’s pre-sale is currently ongoing, and according to maduro it’s already netted $735 million, although he didn’t back this claim with any evidence. shortly after the, title=venezuela announces new ‘petro gold’ cryptocurrency, one day after launching the petro, summary=venezuelan Leader Announces New Cryptocurrency, backed by precious metals, bleu=0.0311
summarize:venezuelan leader nicolás maduro recently said that the country received $735 million through the pre-sale of its petro (ptr) cryptocurrency, in only one day. the petro, as previously covered by ccn, is a cryptocurrency that’s set to help venezuela bypass us sanctions, as the bolivar plunges. venezuela is notably the first country to launch its own cryptocurrency, and nicolás maduro celebrated the move by claiming it put the country at the world’s technological forefront. the petro is set to be backed by the country’s oil reserves, and maduro ordered 100 million petros. a grandes problemas, grandes soluciones! desde el primer minuto el juego arrancó bien, y, title=venezuelan president claims ‘petro’ pre-sale netted $735 million in its first day, summary=venezuela Receives $735 Million in Pre-Sale of Petro Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0688
summarize:payments giant mastercard is fully behind supporting state-backed, central bank-issued cryptocurrencies, a senior executive has revealed. in an interview with the financial times, mastercard asia-pacific co-president ari sarker has opined that the world’s second-biggest payments company would be "very happy to look at” supporting national digital currencies that are issued and backed by central banks. he told the publication:"if governments look to create national digital currency we’d be very happy to look at those in a more favorable way [compared with existing decentralized cryptocurrencies].”"so long as it’s backed by a regulator and the value...” he said, adding "it is not anonymous, it is meeting all the regulatory requirements, i think that would be of greater interest for us to explore.”central bank-issued cryptocurrencies are currently garnering, title=breaking: trump bans us citizens, residents from venezuela’s crypto ‘petro’, summary=Mastercard Fully Supports Central Bank-Backed Cryptocurrencies, Says Executive, bleu=0.0342
summarize:there are few people who can generate the amount of excitement among the cryptocurrency community as ripple chief brad garlinghouse. in front of a packed house at the yahoo finance all markets summit for crypto in new york on wednesday, garlinghouse spoke with his former employer about his payments startup ripple and xrp, the digital coin in which ripple holds a 61% stake and which advanced a whopping 32,000% in 2017. he also revealed he is long btc. garlinghouse used the forum to announce that payments startup ripple just signed lianlian, chain’s no. 4 payments provider, to its blockchain-fueled xcurrent platform for cross-border real-time e-commerce payments. he expounded on cross-border payments, humorously pointing out that before ripple’s xcurrent, to get £10,000 from new york to london on the same day, the, title=ripple ceo brad garlinghouse talks xrp and is ‘long’ bitcoin, summary=xrp’s brad garlinghouse: i’m a long-term btc investor and I’d rather be in the crypto realm, bleu=0.0506
summarize:the popular ad blocker launched a new product called trustednews which tells the user if the news they’re reading are trustworthy or fake. trustednews is the new chrome extension from adblock plus which spots fake news for users as they navigate the web. at the moment, it’s only available for chrome users, but you can expect the extension to join other browsers in the future. the company hopes to evolve its system to integrate blockchain technology and user feedback. the plan is to keep a decentralized database in the ethereum blockchain with a built-in protocol to reward those who contribute to it. the database will be maintained by metacert protocol which will also be issuing metacert tokens to manage the reward system. once the database runs on the blockchain, users will be able to vote on other people’s feedback — those who provide good feedback will be top earners, while the opposite, title=adblock plus jumps aboard the blockchain to spot fake news, summary=adblock Plus Launches Chrome Extension to Spot Fake News, bleu=0.0507
summarize:the petro, maduro’s venezuelan crypto endeavor, is a pre-mined oil-backed cryptocurrency. however, this isn’t enough for maduro who now wants an opec-backed global cryptocurrency. could it work and is there support within opec? the president of venezuela, nicolas maduro, wants opec support for venezuela’s new ‘state-backed’ cryptocurrency offering which has been called "the petro”. this new cryptocurrency is backed by venezuelan oil supplies and is pre-mined. he stated:"i am going to officially propose to all opec and non-opec producing countries that we adopt a joint cryptocurrency mechanism backed by oil.”what’s being proposed? maduro has started informal discussions with opec, the, title=could opec adopt a cryptocurrency? venezuela lobbies for oil-backed ‘petro’, summary=venezuelan President Wants opec Support for Oil-Backed Global Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0454
summarize:two of bitcoin cash’s leading personalities are sparring over a preliminary proposal that would reduce the amount of time between bch blocks by a factor of 10. writing on twitter, haipo yang, ceo of mining pool viabtc and cryptocurrency exchange coinex, said that he believed the bitcoin cash block time should be lowered to 1 minute from 10 minutes to improve the experience for users. he wrote:"i believe bitcoin cash should decrease the block time from 10min to 1min. as a pool operator, i don’t see there have any technical problem and this will improve user experience very much.”as ccn reported, bitcoin cash inherited the 10-minute block time from bitcoin when it forked away from btc last august. unlike bitcoin, whose backers view the cryptocurrency primarily as "digital gold” — at the base layer, anyway — bitcoin cash, title=craig wright, viabtc founder spar over 60-second bitcoin cash block time, summary=Bitcoin Cash Censor Says Block Time Should Be Reduced to 1 Minute, bleu=0.0
summarize:earlier this week, leading us electronics retailer newegg expanded its bitcoin integration to its platform in canada, allowing millions of customers based in canada to pay for products with bitcoin. increasing retailer adoptionnewegg ceo danny lee emphasized that the value of bitcoin has skyrocketed since 2014, when the company first integrated bitcoin, and noted that bitcoin users have significant purchasing power."in 2014 newegg was among the first major companies to offer customers a bitcoin payment option. since that time the value of bitcoin has skyrocketed and customers holding bitcoin have considerably more purchasing power. we believe the time is right to broaden our acceptance of bitcoin to our customers in canada,” added lee. stephen pair, the ceo at bitpay, a cryptocurrency payment processor that is responsible for handling bitcoin payments made to newegg, also stated that the demand for cryptocurrencies from users in canada has increased over the past few years, and, title=central bank cryptos, vitalik trolls and hard forks: this week in crypto, summary=US Retailer Newegg Expands Bitcoin Integration to Canada, bleu=0.0
summarize:brave, a privacy-focused browser that pays publishers with its bat token, launched a new tor feature in private tabs. still in beta, the option allows users to connect to the tor network for their browsing, which enables even stronger protection from tracking. how the feature worksthe tor feature is now available in the latest release for the desktop browser (0.23). the option to connect to tor shows as a menu option inside private tabs only. thus a private tab session must be started in order to see the feature. brave is known for its strong ad-blocking, anti-tracking, and strong security. the addition of tor makes sense as part of the overall mission for the browser. the general downsides of tor still apply, such as slow connections. however, the announcement states that brave is "contributing back to the tor network by running tor relays.” adding relays, title=crypto-friendly brave browser adds tor option in private tabs, summary=Brave Launches Tor in Private Tabs to Protect Users from Tracking, bleu=0.0375
summarize:brazilian cryptocurrency exchange walltime has recently won a court battle against local bank caixa econômica federal, forcing it to unfreeze its account holding more than $200,000 worth of funds. crypto exchange walltime wins preliminary injunction against hostile bankaccording to local news outlet portal do bitcoin, walltime won a preliminary injunction, meaning the court’s decision isn’t yet final but nevertheless lets the exchange use the funds on its account to keep on serving clients in the interim. speaking to the news outlet, graziela brando, walltime’s lawyer, revealed the court’s decision was important as walltime had over 800,000 reals ($212,000) in its account and wasn’t able to process customer deposits because it was frozen. she was quoted as saying (translated):"given that the nature of walltime’s activity requires an open bank account in, title=op-ed: bitcoin cash’s first anniversary — where are we now?, summary=Brazilian Crypto Exchange Walltime Wins Injunction to Unfreeze $200,000 in Account, bleu=0.0
summarize:the dominance index of bitcoin, which calculates the dominance of the cryptocurrency over the global market, has increased over the past 48 hours amidst one of the worst corrections the market has experienced since june 2017. is bitcoin reserve currency of crypto market? since 2016, upon the emergence of digital tokens and alternative cryptocurrencies, many investors have started to consider bitcoin as the reserve currency of the cryptocurrency market. while it often does not return the high profitability of alternative cryptocurrencies, it has a lower volatility rate than most of the cryptocurrencies in the market. throughout 2017, both ripple and ethereum outperformed bitcoin in annual returns. ripple led to a 330x return, while ethereum recorded a 100x increase in price. bitcoin ended the year with a 15x increase in value. on january 15, a major correction hit the cryptocurrency market and the vast majority of cryptocurrencies in the market plunged in, title=bitconnect token loses 90% amid exchange closure announcement, summary=Bitcoin’s “Dominance Index” Increases Despite a Major Correction, bleu=0.0
summarize:a senior russian official has confirmed that venezuela’s debt to russia, a total of $3.15 billion owed to the kremlin over a 10-year period, will not be repaid in any part with venezuelan state cryptocurrency petro. konstantin vyshkovsky, chief of the russian finance ministry’s state debt department, told reporters on tuesday that venezuela has not offered to pay part of the debt owed to russia with its oil-backed state crypto petro. according to reuters, venezuela’s restructured debt repayment deal – signed last year – sees the south american country pledge to make "minimal” repayments to the kremlin over the next six years toward ultimately paying back a total of, title=venezuela isn’t paying debts in state crypto petro: russian official, summary=russian official: venezuela’s $3.15 Billion Debt to Russia Will Not Be Repaid with Petro, bleu=0.0541
summarize:according to kevin rooke, a cryptocurrency researcher and youtuber, the ethereum community already has more than 250,000 developers and 94 out of the top 100 blockchain projects have launched on top of the ethereum network."you simply cannot build excellent applications and products without a big developer base behind you. but today, ethereum has roughly 250,000 developers building on its platform. the industry is still really small [and thus], 250,000 is a shocking number. ethereum’s development framework called truffle already has more than 500,000 downloads and even through the price fall of 2018, development interests have continued to rise,” said rooke. can other decentralized application protocols compete? the vast majority of cryptocurrencies and tokens apart from payment-focused blockchain networks like bitcoin, ripple, bitcoin cash, and litecoin are built on top of the ethereum protocol., title=94 out of top 100 blockchain projects are built on ethereum, summary=94 of the Top 100 Blockchain Projects Have Launched on ethereum, bleu=0.0943
summarize:contrary to reports circulating on social media, controversial cryptocurrency tether has not been hit by a double spend attack. the full story behind that suspicious tether transactionearlier this week, blockchain security research team slowmist identified suspicious activity surrounding a particular tether transaction. the firm published a blurred photograph of the raw transaction along with the suggestion that it had been involved in a successful double spend against a cryptocurrency exchange. it is not currently clear whether the exploit was carried out by a black hat hacker or by slowmist as a proof-of-concept.usdt,validtrue,"”,usdtusdt, usdt !usdt, pic.twitter.com/epzziszfzh— slowmist (@slowmist_team), title=no, tether wasn’t hit by a double spend attack, summary=Cryptocurrency tether hasn’t been hit by a Double Spend Attack, bleu=0.1678
summarize:toshi, the ethereum-based decentralized application browser and wallet operated by coinbase, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, brokerage, and wallet platform, has added support for ethereum testnets and custom erc-20 tokens. coinbase roadmaplsat week, upon the integration of ethereum classic (etc), the coinbase team told its users and investors that the mid-term strategy of the company is to eventually support the entire erc-20 token standard of ethereum, including initial coin offering (ico) tokens and independent blockchain projects. the official statement of coinbase released on june 12, read:"we have previously announced our intention to support the erc20 technical standard and bitcoin forks. we will announce the intention to add specific assets within those categories prior to final engineering integration. this is consistent with our public process for adding new assets.”dan romero,, title=why coinbase’s support for ethereum testnets & erc-20 tokens matters, summary=Coinbase Adds Support for ethereum Testnets, ICO Tokens, bleu=0.0853
summarize:andreessen horowitz, one of the largest technology-focused venture capital firms alongside the likes of japan’s softbank and san francisco’s sequoia capital, both of which oversee over a trillion dollars in combined company value, has created a $300 million fund dedicated to the crypto market. long-term hodling approachsince 2009, andreessen horowitz (a16z) has invested in and created more multi-billion dollar startups than any other venture capital firm in the world. as an early investor in companies like $31 billion airbnb, $10 billion coinbase, $576 billion facebook, $7.5 billion github, and $72 billion uber, a16z has always focused on highly potent startups targeting rapidly growing markets. its early investment in coinbase back in 2013, a company that is fully focused on a market that was very small and relatively unknown to, title=here’s what andreessen horowitz’s $300 million crypto investment means to the market, summary=Andreessen Horowitz Creates $300 Million Crypto Fund, bleu=0.0591
summarize:top-ranked business schools have hopped on the bitcoin bandwagon by expanding their course offerings on cryptocurrencies and blockchain. the move to offer more crypto-related mba classes was fueled by growing demand from students, as well as from corporate recruiters, especially those in venture capital. kevin werbach, a professor at the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania, will teach a class in the fall of 2018 called "blockchain, cryptocurrency, and distributed ledger technology.”"we’re at the point where there’s a critical mass to teach this domain,” werbach told cnbc. "there will be a real phenomenon in business for the foreseeable future. and five years down the road, there won’t be too many major business schools that don’t offer similar classes.”top mba programs have expanded their offerings of cryptocurrency classes. (image: pixa, title=venezuela: petro’s impact will be felt within “three to six months”, summary=Top Business Schools Expand Cryptocurrency Courses, bleu=0.0
summarize:italian cryptocurrency exchange bitgrail won’t be reopening anytime soon, despite its wishes to the contrary. last thursday, on may 17, the court of florence fully upheld a preliminary order barring the exchange — which is currently undergoing bankruptcy proceedings — from resuming operations and once again offering trading services to customers. the precautionary measure was originally proposed by legal firm bonellierede, which issued a statement announcing that the order had been upheld. the firm says that it is assisting more than 3,000 bitgrail users who are attempting to recover funds from the exchange, which once operated the largest trading market for nano (xrb). as ccn reported, bitgrail revealed in february that it was insolvent after losing approximately 17 million xrb, then worth more than $170 million. exchange operator franceso ", title=italian court rules bankrupt crypto exchange bitgrail must stay closed, summary=Italian Crypto Exchange Bitgrail Will Not Reopen Despite Bankruptcy, bleu=0.0
summarize:after proposing that the eos project scrape its original constitution, as ccn reported earlier today, daniel larimer, the creator of eos, has now released a revised proposal. in the blog release, larimer clarifies the premise "code-is-law” as it relates to arbitration bodies. when 21 block producer’s froze several eos accounts one week after the mainnet launch, the original constitution was called into question. the freezing of accounts over fraud allegations violated the decentralization that the constitution promised. an arbitration body governing the project, eos core arbitration forum (ecaf), ordered the freezing of accounts. these actions appeared to many users like a central authority was governing the network. addressing the controversylarimer is quick to address the controversy and the findings block.one has learned from the mainnet launch., title=dan larimer releases draft proposal of new eos constitution, summary=eos Creator Revises Code-Is-Law for Arbitration Body, bleu=0.0494
summarize:brave software has announced that its eponymous web browser has been downloaded from the google play store 10 million times, doubling its user base in just four months. this was revealed in a post on its official twitter handle last friday. brave ambitionsin may, ccn reported that the browser hit 5 million downloads in the google play store, barely six months after hitting the 1 million download mark. the ad-blocking browser, which rewards readers and content publishers with its basic attention token (bat) aims to revolutionize the internet’s present content monetization model, which is dependent on advertising revenue, tracking of user behaviour, and sale of user data. thrilled that brave for @android now has over 10 million downloads!  thank you to our users for choosing to browse faster and safer, and for valuing privacy protection! https://t.co/me6zkoyfl, title=crypto-funded brave browser hits 10 million downloads in google play store, summary=Brave Browser Hits 10 Million Downloads in Google Play Store, Doubles User Base, bleu=0.0338
summarize:coinbase has announced that it is in the final stages of testing support for ethereum classic (etc) as it prepares to offer support for the cryptocurrency across it different services. in a statement published on its official blog, the platform revealed that it is making the information public in line with its new process for listing new digital assets. listing across coinbase servicesan excerpt from the statement reads:"we expect final testing to be completed by tuesday, august 7, at which point we will announce that we’re ready to accept inbound transfers of etc. we intend to allow 24–48 hours of inbound transfers through coinbase pro and coinbase prime before enabling trading.”according to the announcement, support for ethereum classic will be implemented incrementally across the various coinbase services namely coinbase custody, coinbase markets,coinbase pro, coinbase prime, coinbase asset management and coinbase consumer, title=coinbase announces final testing ahead of ethereum classic listing, summary=Coinbase Testing ethereum Classic Support across its Services, bleu=0.0487
summarize:in an official tweet, augur team has announced that they destroyed their access to the fail-safe kill switch. happy two weeks!  ownership of the escape hatch has been transferred to the 0x000..0001 address.— augur (@augurproject) july 24, 2018augur had implemented a kill switch mechanism in their smart contract which allowed their developers to fix issues in the event of any unanticipated problems. this was employed to prevent any critical or fatal bug(s) from attacking the network. however, as evident from this transaction, the ownership of the kill switch privileges has been transferred to a burn address. this essentially means that the augur team no longer has any privileged access over the network. adding kill-switches has become a common practice by blockchain projects, especially in the early stage of development. the idea is that this allows developers to exercise power to prevent a catastrophic event,, title=no escape: augur burns key to network ‘killswitch’, summary=Augur Destroys Kill Switch Privileges, bleu=0.0
summarize:some community members are crying foul after blockchain content distribution startup tron exercised a bit of creative license to promote it partnership with chinese company baofeng. tron announces partnership with public chinese firm baofengon wednesday, tron founder justin sun announced that the startup had entered into a partnership with baofeng, a publicly-listed chinese company that sun described as the "chinese netflix.”we #tron are proud to announce the partnership with baofeng group. baofeng, aka chinese @netflix, boasts more than 200 million users as a video portal giant and has achieved 8 billion cny listing in shenzhen stock exchange (300431. sz). https://t.co/f9mjzcmsdd #trx $trx pic.twitter, title=tron uses ‘creative marketing’ to hype baofeng partnership, summary=tron’s partnership with chinese firm baofeng sparks a furious backlash, bleu=0.0499
summarize:nokia and hewlett packard enterprise have teamed with a swiss startup called streamr that will enable consumers to control and market tokenized data collected by internet-connected devices, according to fortune. the partnerships, announced at the consensus conference in new york, signal emerging efforts to use blockchain technology to empower consumers. streamr will tokenize the data in a cryptocurrency called datacoin which raised more than $30 million last year in an ico. prototype developedhpe has already developed a prototype that allows data on automobile use to be collected on the company’s edgeline server, then stored on a blockchain. the car owner will be able to sell their data to anyone who would have use for it. such data could include fuel levels that might help energy companies determine fuel demand, or windshield wiper activity data that might be used for developing weather warnings. raphael davison, worldwide, title=hpe, nokia tap streamr to allow consumers to monetize blockchain tokenized data, summary=nokia, hewlett-Packard Partner with Blockchain Startup to Market Tokenized Data, bleu=0.0411
summarize:brookings institute analysts recently argued that venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro (ptr), is likelier to harm legitimate cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, than it is o help venezuelan’s escape the recession the country is currently enduring. through an article published on its website, the think tank first noted that venezuelan president nicolás maduro claims the petro raised $735 million in its first day, and that the pre-sale aims to raise a total of $6 billion. as covered by ccn, maduro claims the cryptocurrency already raked in $5 billion. following venezuela’s footsteps various countries are looking to issue their own national cryptocurrencies as well. while iran recently backpedaled on bitcoin and revealed it’s planning its own state cryptocurrency, title=brookings: venezuela’s petro undermines legitimate cryptocurrencies, summary=venezuela’s Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency, petro, Is More Likelier to Harm Legitimate cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0407
summarize:china’s central bank has reportedly told a prominent government internet finance group that while it does not have the authority to regulate bitcoin mining directly, it can instruct local governments to implement regulations that cause bitcoin mining to become less profitable. china’s central bank looks to scale down domestic bitcoin miningaccording to reuters, an unnamed source told the publication’s beijing office that people’s bank of china (pboc) officials made this statement in a recent meeting with members of the leading group of beijing internet financial risks remediation, the same government office that ordered the closure of mainland bitcoin exchanges in september of last year. the development adds a new chapter to china’s crackdown on bitcoin and other decentralized cryptocurrencies, which saw the country ban not only cryptocurrency exchanges but also initial coin offerings (icos) in 2017. at the time, reports emerged that regulators would move against bitcoin mining next, title=ethereum foundation to offer millions in grants for scalability solutions, summary=China’s Central Bank Says It Can’t Regulate Bitcoin Mining, bleu=0.0
summarize:i recently spoke with makerdao ceo rune christensen. makerdao is the company behind not one, but two, top 2oo-cryptocurrencies by market cap. one of these is dai, sitting at #107 with a modest market capitalization of $46 million, and the second is maker (mkr), which currently sits at #29 with a market capitalization of $272 million. at its peak, mkr had a market capitalization of over $1 billion. the market performance of either of these coins individually would be impressive. the fact that the coins exist together and one governs the other makes it even more impressive. dai is a stablecoin, intended to behave in a similar fashion to tether (e.g., pin the value of the coin to a fiat asset, in the case of both tether and dai this is, title=interview: makerdao ceo rune christensen talks stablecoins, summary=Makerdao CEO Rune christensen Discusses Top 2oo Cryptocurrencies by Market Cap, bleu=0.0375
summarize:gazprombank, the third-largest bank in russia, plans to conduct cryptocurrency transactions in switzerland later this year as part of a pilot program through its swiss subsidiary. aleksandr sobol, the deputy chairman of gazprombank, said the state-owned bank decided to try out crypto deals in response to demand from several major private clients."this will not be on a grand scale, but for ourselves,” sobol told vedomosti. "this is a demand from our large private clients for such amenities. therefore, we are now looking at how we can organize this service for them.”in january 2018, sberbank — russia’s largest bank — announced plans to open its own cryptocurrency exchange in switzerland, as they are not allowed in russia. as ccn previously reported, sberbank also recently opened, title=russia’s gazprombank to test cryptocurrency transactions in switzerland, summary=Gazprombank to Conduct Cryptocurrency Transactions in Switzerland as part of a Pilot Program, bleu=0.0367
summarize:stellar lumens surged to the top of the cryptocurrency gainers on wednesday as the price soared to a two-month high of around $0.31 at press time. at 18:00cet on binance the price was $0.30 with turnover exceeding the $24 million mark – a clear indicator that there was huge interest in the coin from investors. this rise could be due to a number of factors although the recent surge in the price of bitcoin has given almost all currencies a leg up. however, the announcement that stellar would be having its own usd trading pair undoubtedly had a positive effect on the price. the announcement was made by stronghold, a san francisco-based financial institution that has been developing an asset agnostic payment and trade ecosystem, the company launched an asset backed token on the stellar network which is in turn the first venture supported usd anchor for the network, title=stellar (xlm) skyrockets 30% to reach 2 month-high, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Litecoin, EOS, NEO, LTC, Ether: Bitcoin Price Rises to $24 Million, bleu=0.0144
summarize:in a statement, bancor, a decentralized exchange, stated that a vulnerability was exploited to steal 24,984 eth (approx $12 million), $1 million worth of npxs and $10 million worth of bnt. in a tweet earlier today, bancor stated that it has identified a security breach and will investigate into the issue. it assured that no user wallets were compromised and they would release a more detailed report shortly. the hack occurred at approximately 00:00 utc when a wallet used to upgrade some smart contracts was compromised. the wallet has withdrawn ethereum and erc-20 tokens npxs and bnt. the stolen bnt has since been frozen using a mechanism built into the bancor protocol. bancor stated that this was built in to "be used in an extreme situation to recover from a security breach, title=tezos takes the biggest drop among the billion-dollar coins, summary=Decentralized Exchange Bankrupted to Snoop on $12 Million Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:the tron price has dropped over 20% in the last seven days. this comes after tron launched its own new mainnet protocol called odyssey 2.0, which separated it from the ethereum chain, as ccn reported. the launch of the mainnet on may 31 was a decision to exit ethereum’s "archaic gas burn mechanism and high gas fees” in addition to in-fighting about community governance, according to an announcement from the tron foundation. justin sun, founder of tron, also announced a bug bounty program with a $10 million top reward for the mainnet. despite this backing, however, the price has marched down. trx price chart | source: coinmarketcapthe tron price was $0.073 on the close may 26. currently, the price is $0.056. this represents an over 23% decrease for the time period. the, title=tron price drops off cliff despite excitement over mainnet launch, summary=tron Price Drops 20% after ethereum Launches New Mainnet Protocol, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets finally appear to be in full recovery mode — at least as of tuesday afternoon when all the major coins posted considerable leaps with most in the double digits. the total market cap shot up to $291 billion, which is the highest it has been in almost two months. bitcoin shot upwards in a considerable trajectory, gaining the $7,400 mark in just under an hour. at around 6pm cet, the currency was over the $7,000 level, having traded in the $6,650-6,750 mark for most of the day. then, a huge push came with the price spiking by 5% in a few minutes to gain the $,7100 level following another similar gain to the $7,400 level where it seems to have settled. this sudden spike liquidated a considerable number of shorts on the btc price according to several tweets on the bimexrek, title=stellar becomes first crypto protocol to obtain sharia certification, summary=Bitcoin Price Hits $7,400 as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0
summarize:everyone knew that it was inevitable that assassination markets would quickly pop up on decentralized prediction market platform augur, but that doesn’t make the fact that users are now betting on whether u. s. president donald trump will be assassinated by the end of the year any less jarring. assassination markets let augur users gamble on trump murderyet this market exists, and, though not the most popular bet on augur, more than 50 shares have been traded on it as of the time of writing. similar markets, moreover, exist for a number of other public figures, allowing users to gamble on whether 96-year-old actress betty white and u. s. senator john mccain — who has been diagnosed with brain cancer — will survive until jan. 1, 2019. source: gateway, title=first assassination markets appear on prediction platform augur, summary=Assassination Markets Let Augur Users Gamble on trump Murder, bleu=0.0477
summarize:the operator of bitconnect, a cryptocurrency that has long courted controversy, has announced the closure of its cryptocurrency exchange and a separate lending platform. in an announcement on its website on tuesday, bitconnect confirmed the immediate closure of its lending operation whereas its exchange platform will effectively shutter in a further five days. the website, meanwhile, will remain open for "wallet service, news and educational services,” the notice from the investment platform added. the operator pointed to three specific reasons behind the shuttering of its platforms. as reported previously, texas’ securities regulator issued an emergency cease and desist to bitconnect earlier this month, accusing the operator of fraud for failing to clearly identify its ‘principals’ as well as the "source of funds that will be used to pay investors [an] interest of 120% per year.” the state of carolina followed suit [pdf], ordering bitconnect to refrain, title=bitconnect shuts cryptocurrency exchange citing bad press, ddos attacks, regulator scrutiny, summary=Bitconnect Closes its Cryptocurrency Exchange and Separate Lending Platform, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ethereum price crossed a major milestone on tuesday, surpassing the $700 mark for the first time in more than a month. the rally was far from an isolated occurrence, as the cryptocurrency market cap achieved an eight percent advance, adding nearly $33 billion to its rapidly expanding waistline. in the past week, the market has added almost $100 billion. source: coinmarketcapat present, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies is $430 billion, which puts the nascent asset class within striking distance of facebook, who incidentally, a recent mit technology review article suggested could take down bitcoin if it made a coordinated effort. bitcoin price continues push toward $10,000the bitcoin price continued to lose market share to its peers, and the flagship cryptocurrency now accounts for just 37.1 percent of the index’s total valuation. nevertheless, bitcoin continued to post a steady advance, rising approximately six percent to $9, title=binance leads $30 million funding round in signal founder’s crypto mobilecoin, summary=Ethereum Price Crosses $700 as Cryptocurrency Market Gains $33 Billion, bleu=0.0339
summarize:mysterious bitcoin developer bitpico is back, and they’re launching an all-out attack on the bitcoin cash network — or so they say. bitpico to launch attack on bitcoin cashthe anonymous development team on thursday claimed to have brought its malicious nodes onto the bitcoin cash mainnet, initiating a "stress test” against the fourth-largest cryptocurrency. that announcement came roughly a week after the group emerged from a several-month hiatus to announce that they were in the final stages of testing for that attack, which they boasted would splinter the bch network."the [bitcoin cash] attack has been started; it will continue to run as we work to amplify it over the coming months,” the group stated. "we expect to have 5000 bcash attack nodes in roughly 6 weeks and then we will multi-fork, title=‘roger ver will cry,’ boasts mysterious bitcoin cash attacker, summary=Bitpico Launches Attack on Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0
summarize:opening an account on the eos network might soon no longer require you to break the bank, thanks to a new proposal that has been activated on the fifth-largest cryptocurrency’s network. on thursday, block producers — the organizations that validate transactions and enforce the rules for the eos network — voted to double the network’s supply of ram, the resource that developers must purchase (with eos tokens) to run applications on the blockchain platform. the price of ram is determined by supply and demand, making the network a playground for speculators. ram prices have spiraled out of control at several points since the network’s launch in june, making it expensive for developers to deploy decentralized applications (dapps) and for new users to create accounts. the ram price floats according to supply and demand, making it a, title=eos block producers vote to raise ram supply to lower cost of running dapps, summary=eos Block Producers Vote to Double the Supply of ram for Developers, bleu=0.0405
summarize:chinese cryptocurrency wallet startup imtoken may not have much name recognition in the west, but the firm, which raised $10 million during its recently-concluded series a funding round, claims to operate the world’s largest ethereum wallet, which boasts more than 4 million active users. imtoken recently added support for eos to its multi-currency wallet, which previously supported btc in addition to eth. ccn recently interviewed imtoken founder and ceo ben he to discuss the announcement, as well as chinese interest in eos. ccn: what motivated you to launch a wallet for eos ahead of other, more-established cryptocurrencies? earlier we supported erc-20 tokens, which generated immense traction on imtoken, and ultimately we feel that the obligation to build our eos, title=interview: ceo of imtoken, the world’s largest ethereum wallet, talks eos adoption in china, summary=Chinese Cryptocurrency Startup Imtoken Adds Support for eos, bleu=0.0179
summarize:when the commodity futures and trading commission announced that two major exchanges could begin to offer bitcoin futures to investors, people in the crypto community heralded it as a triumphant day. this decision was announced on december 1, 2017, and the price of bitcoin rose 13% on this news. it was seen as a significant move into more mainstream finance for cryptocurrencies. for the first time, they were being acknowledged in a significant way by a leading government agency. both cboe global markets inc and cme group were given the go-ahead to start offering these futures, which allow institutional investors to get involved with bitcoin in a much easier and more significant manner. while the performance of these futures to date has been mixed due to volatile bitcoin prices since the turn of the year, it now appears that other cryptocurrencies will soon have their own futures contracts available for trade. the rumorscboe, title=cboe completes upgrade, other crypto futures coming?, summary=cboe, cme to Offer Bitcoin Futures to Institutional Investors for the First Time, bleu=0.0338
summarize:according to russian cybersecurity firm kaspersky labs, hackers have been using a zero-day exploit in telegram to infect its users with a cryptocurrency-mining malware, so as to mine privacy-centric cryptocurrencies like monero, zcash, and others. only telegram’s desktop app was targeted. the attack is the latest case of an ongoing cryptojacking trend that recently saw hackers hijack millions of android devices to mine monero. the trend seemingly picked up when popular torrent-index website the pirate bay experimented mining monero with user’s pcs as an alternative to running ads. per the cybersecurity firm’s report, hackers have been exploiting the vulnerability since march 2017. to infect users, cybercriminals took advantage of a feature that allows telegram to recognize text in arabic and hebrew, languages written from right to left. hackers, title=hackers exploit telegram zero-day flaw to mine cryptocurrencies, summary=kaspersky Labs: Hackers Infect telegram Users with Cryptocurrency Mining Malware, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the bitcoin price has surpassed $8,800 after rising more than 6 percent over the past 24 hours. volumes across major cryptocurrency exchanges remain strong and the daily trading volume of the market has increased past $26 billion for the first time over the past month.$9,200on march 21, the bitcoin price tested the $9,200 support level but failed to sustain momentum for mid-term growth and fell below the $6,500 mark within two weeks after struggling to bounce off $8,200. at this juncture, it is likely that the bitcoin price tests the $9,200 level it had touched in late march, and a movement past that level would lead the bitcoin price to the $10,000 region by the end of april. in november 2017, investors described the $10,000 mark as a psychological threshold and a key milestone. at the time, traders predicted the price of bitcoin to surge substantially subsequent to surpassing $10,000. almost immediately after breaking into the, title=south korea’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange to conduct ico in switzerland, summary=Bitcoin Price Overtakes $8,800 as Market Remains Strong, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuela, a country battling one of the deepest economic recessions on record, is set to launch a new fiat currency pegged to its oil-backed "petro” cryptocurrency next month, according to president nicolas maduro. venezuela to create fiat currency pegged to cryptocurrency that is pegged to oilas reported by local news outlet telesur, maduro said that the new fiat currency, called the bolivar soberano (sovereign bolivar), is going to help take five zeroes away from the bolivar, its current fiat currency. maduro was quoted as saying:"the economic reconversion will start on august 20 definitively with the circulation and issuance of the new sovereign bolivar, the new monetary cone that is going to have a new method of anchoring the petro.”per various reports, the, title=venezuela to launch petro-pegged fiat currency next month, summary=Venezuela to Launch Fiat Currency Pegged to Oil-Backed “Petro” Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.042
summarize:crypto funds, led by ether, took a beating in the past week as the market continues to struggle. autonomous next, a financial researcher, noted in a recent post that its bita 50 index, which tracks the top 50 crypto coins, has struggled in the past year. at least half of the crypto funds are losing this year, causing a rush to hedge through shorting. ether takes a hitether, the second largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, saw its price fall by more than 82% from this year’s high this past week before it recovered 78%, autonomous next observed. in a recent two-week period ending aug. 14, ether fell by 44 percent, hitting its lowest point of the year by dropping below the $300 mark for the first time since november. what’s killing ether’s price? ether’s decline surprises many observers given the following factors: more developers are, title=cryptocurrency funds, led by ether, take a brutal beating, summary=Cryptocurrency Funds Take a Hit as Market Continues to Struggle, bleu=0.038
summarize:cryptocurrency startup tether, the creator of the controversial crypto token of the same name, has hired a former bank of montreal executive to head the firm’s compliance efforts. the british virgin islands-based company announced on thursday that it had appointed leonardo real to serve as its new chief compliance officer (cco). prior to joining tether, real served as aml quality control manager at the bank of montreal."i look forward to helping showcase tether’s commitment to transparency and regulatory compliance within the blockchain and cryptocurrency space,” said real in an announcement posted on the company’s website. "as a longtime advocate of blockchain technology and the integration of cryptocurrencies into the mainstream, i am looking forward to putting my experience in aml and regulatory compliance in traditional financial institutions to use, to ensure that the tether project can continue its work disrupting traditional industries, title=crypto startup tether hires bank of montreal vet to head compliance efforts, summary=tether Hires Former Bank of montreal Executive to Head Compliance Efforts, bleu=0.0814
summarize:anthony di iorio, the billionaire co-founder of $50 billion blockchain network ethereum and cryptocurrency wallet jaxx, said that chinese blockchain projects such as qtum and vechain will succeed."the biggest stake for me is in qtum and vechain right now, the two chinese projects. there’s much more opportunity in newer ones if you can identify them,” iorio said. china’s poor cryptocurrency trading regulations don’t mattervechain, the ethereum-based internet of things blockchain protocol in china, has attracted well-respected developers, venture capital firms, and large-scale institutions throughout the past six months. most recently, the vechain team disclosed that pwc, one of the big four auditors, have acquired a stake in the project, and announced a partnership with multi-billion, title=ethereum co-founder has ‘biggest stake’ in vechain and qtum, summary=ethereum co-founder: chinese Blockchain Projects Will Succeed, bleu=0.0975
summarize:iran is preparing to launch its own "indigenous” state cryptocurrency that authorities envision will help the country circumvent the latest economic sanctions enforced by u. s. president donald trump. according to iran’s state-affiliated news outlet press tv, domestic authorities have already initiated "a plan to create an indigenous cryptocurrency” that will function both as a domestic currency and an international settlement token for global trade and commerce while evading western financial sanctions. the noteworthy announcement was made by alireza daliri, the deputy for management and investment affairs at iran’s directorate for scientific and technological affairs of the presidential office, this week. daliri notably revealed that the initiative is being developed in cooperation with the central bank of iran (cbi). the effort will see the cryptocurrency fundamentally pegged to iran’s national, title=iran inches closer to national cryptocurrency in plan to evade us sanctions, summary=iran to Launch ‘Indigenous’ State Cryptocurrency to evade trump sanctions, bleu=0.0864
summarize:a little-known chinese crypto exchange is allegedly responsible for the unusually high ethereum network congestion and gas fees recorded over the past few days. fcoin, founded by zhang jian, formerly of huobi, is accused of deliberately encouraging a rash of sybil attacks so as to temporarily cripple the ethereum blockchain and attract undeserved attention in the process. what happened exactly? over the past few days, ethereum network transaction prices have reached all time highs, creating problems for dapps and users who cannot pay the high transaction fees. the spike in network activity that caused this has been traced to the activities of fcoin, which apparently implemented a "cumulative deposit number ranking” voting protocol to list new coins on the exchange. what this means is that for a new coin to be added to the platform, rather, title=chinese exchange fcoin accused of crippling ethereum network for cheap publicity, summary=chinese crypto exchange fcoin allegedly responsible for ethereum network congestion and gas fees, bleu=0.0967
summarize:after just one week of the eos mainnet going live, the community is questioning its decentralized nature. early last week, the network’s 21 block producers who verify transactions and validate blocks froze seven eos accounts allegedly belonging to thieves who had stolen funds by scamming users through phishing scams or other attacks. thought the first order had a lot of controversies, the eos core arbitration forum (ecaf) has sent out another order instructing block producers to freeze 27 additional accountsthe ecaf emergency measure of protection order said:it is hereby ordered that the eos block producers refuse to process transactions for the following accounts and keys indefinitely. (until further official notice and instructions from the ecaf.)dated 22 june 2018, the order was signed by sam sapoznick, in the capacity of interim, title=eos decentralization questioned again as block producers freeze 27 accounts, summary=eos Core Arbitrator Orders Block Producers to Frozen 27 Accounts, bleu=0.0499
summarize:leading hardware crypto wallet manufacturer and developer ledger sold more than 1 million hardware wallets in 2017, recording a profit of $29 million. in an interview with forbes, ledger president pascal gauthier stated that the lack of secure platforms which users can utilize to sign transactions on the immutable public blockchain led the demand for ledger and hardware wallets in general, to rise."blockchain itself is secure, but signing on the blockchain is a flaw. if you lose the [private key], there’s no bank looking after your assets or any way to recover them,” gauthier told forbes. eyeing another multi-million dollar funding roundin early 2018, ledger raised $75 million led by billionaire early stage technology investor tim draper and draper venture network funds. the series b funding round of ledger was a significant boost from its previous series a funding round that closed a $7 million, title=libertarian party urges trump to pardon silk road founder ross ulbricht, summary=Ledger Sells More Than 1 Million Hardware Wallets in 2017, Earning $29 Million, bleu=0.0
summarize:an executive at a prominent ghanaian holding company has urged ghana’s central bank to invest one percent of its reserves in bitcoin. groupe nduom vp urgest ghana’s central bank to invest in bitcoinspeaking with accra-based publication joy business, papa-wassa chiefy nduom — vice president of groupe ndoum — said that bitcoin has grown so large that central banks can no longer ignore its use case as a global reserve asset. citing reports that predict the us dollar will decline against other reserve currencies in 2018, nduom said that usd-heavy african central banks such as ghana should consider purchasing a small amount of bitcoin while it is at a low point relative to the all-time high it set in mid-december."i don’t think it’s a gamble, i, title=zclassic spikes 100x in december with ‘bitcoin private’ fork approaching, summary=ghana’s Central Bank Should Consider Investing in Bitcoin, bleu=0.043
summarize:this interview was originally done for the bitcoin podcast by ccn. check out the original interview and let us know what you think! this week, i spoke with bridge ceo stephen hyduchak. i first learned about bridge earlier this year while attending cryptolina and have been intrigued by the concept of applying zero-knowledge proofs to identity access management functions ever since. the basic concept behind bridge can be summed up by one unfortunate story stephen shared with me. one night in canada, a young woman was trying to get into a night club. of course, she had to show her id to get into the night club. the bouncer used the information on her id to track her down and physically assault her. bridge asks the question: why did the bouncer need to know anything other than the fact that she was of age? the bouncer does not need the woman’s name,, title=exclusive: podcast interview with bridge protocol ceo stephen hyduchak, summary=cnn’s Bitcoin Podcast: Bridge CEO Stephen hyduchak Explains Zero-Knowledge Proofs, bleu=0.0446
summarize:the controversial "stablecoin” known as tether has certainly had an interesting past few months. company founders say the token is backed by physical usd at a 1-to-1 ratio, which has sparked immense discussion and debate inside of the cryptocurrency community. some see tether as a systemic risk to the entire virtual currency world. others see the startup behind it as an innovative company. despite immense criticism, tether became the 10th-largest cryptocurrency by market cap in late june. however, many have been very skeptical about tether’s claims that all tokens are backed by reserve u. s. dollars. regulators subpoenaed tether and the bitfinex exchange back in dec. 2017, prompting tether to hire a law firm called freeh, sporkin & sullivan (fss, title=ex-fbi director louis freeh opens up about tether investigation, summary=tether, Bitfinex, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS, Monero, Bitcoin Cash: Review, bleu=0.0165
summarize:gemini has become the "world’s first licensed zcash exchange,” the company announced on monday. the new york city-based cryptocurrency exchange — which was founded by cameron and tyler winklevoss — today revealed that it will open zcash trading markets (zec/usd, zec/btc, and zec/eth), which it says makes it the "first licensed zcash in the world.”zcash will be just the third cryptocurrency listed on gemini. at present, the platform supports trading pairs for bitcoin and ether."zcash picks up where bitcoin left off,” tyler winklevoss, ceo of gemini, said in a statement, adding "bitcoin has many strengths, but privacy is not one of them.”"bitcoin and zcash are two revolutionary technologies, title=winklevoss-led gemini becomes ‘world’s first licensed zcash exchange’, summary=Gemini Launches zcash Trading Markets for Bitcoin and Ethereum, bleu=0.0477
summarize:havven, a decentralized payment network and stablecoin, has decided to launch on the eos blockchain and will airdrop half of its new hav tokens on the eos blockchain to existing hav holders on ethereum. havven wants to ensure that the payment network’s success does not depend on one blockchain. the havven/eosio partnership was announced at the eos hackathon in sydney, australia as part of havven’s plan to be blockchain agnostic and operate on several blockchains. stablecoins such as havven’s nusd are designed to prevent price volatility and are used for enabling transactions across different projects. blockchain agnostic"havven chose to launch on the eosio blockchain because we see the need to remain blockchain agnostic,” garth travers, title=interview: blockchain startup havven brings eos its first stablecoin, summary=havven Launches on eos Blockchain, Airdrops Half of its New Tokens, bleu=0.0446
summarize:rapper and singer akon of twelve billboard top ten hits, including the famous "smack that,” has announced the creation of his own cryptocurrency for use in his new african "akon crypto city,” page six reported yesterday, june 19. during a panel at cannes lion, senegal-descended akon said that his cryptocurrency, the akoin, will be available in two weeks for use in the 2,000 acres of land recently given to him by the president of senegal. the new akon crypto city describes itself as a "100% crypto-based city with akoin at the center of transactional life [...] blend[ing] leading smart city planning designs with a blank canvas for cryptonizing our daily human and business exchanges, towards inventing a radical new way of existence.” akon, who has already been involved with bringing, title=rapper akon creates ‘akoin’ cryptocurrency for use in senegal’s ‘akon crypto city’, summary=Rapper and Singer akon Creates Cryptocurrency for Africa’s “Akon Crypto City”, bleu=0.0407
summarize:say what you will about their position, but the developers of monero are sticking to their guns. over the weekend, riccardo spagni — lead maintainer of the privacy-centric cryptocurrency — released lithium luna, the latest version of the monero source code. the update itself was planned, but included in the software is an emergency provision intended to prevent asic miners from operating on its network, which uses the cryptonight proof-of-work (pow) hashing algorithm. these miners — so named because they use application specific integrated circuit (asic) chips — maximize efficiency to such an extent that it becomes no longer profitable to mine with gpu miners, whose chips are general-purpose and use for everything from pc gaming to searching for extraterrestrial life. monero had already fired a preemptive strike of sorts at asic manufacturers last month, title=going to war: monero sticks to anti-asic guns with emergency software update, summary=Monero Releases Latest Version of Cryptocurrency to Prevent Asic Miners from Mining, bleu=0.0312
summarize:ripple’s xrp token just became a little more valuable. the company has signed deals with idt corporation and mercuryfx, two international payment providers that handle hundreds of millions of transactions worldwide per year. both companies will be using ripple’s xrapid platform, which allows institutions to save on the cost of accessing and providing liquidity to their customers. the real value of rippleripple wants to prove xrapid is faster and cheaper than other means of payment. the platform is designed to allow global money transfer services and central banks to free up capital normally tied up in what are known as nostro and vostro accounts. nostro vs. vostroa nostro account is when a domestic bank owns an account at a foreign bank in that foreign bank’s national currency. to the foreign bank in this scenario, that very same account is considered vostro (latin for ", title=ripple adds two new payments providers for xrapid xrp pilots, summary=Ripple Signs Deals with idt, Mercuryfx to Use XrapiD Platform, bleu=0.0
summarize:on march 14, $81 billion investment firm allianz stated in a report released by the firm’s global economics and strategy head stefan hofrichter that the cryptocurrency market, regardless of its liquidity, is a bubble. intrinsic value againhofrichter stated that cryptocurrencies like bitcoin lack intrinsic value, and that the base value of cryptocurrencies is zero."in our view, its intrinsic value must be zero. a bitcoin is a claim on nobody – in contrast to, for instance, sovereign bonds, equities or paper money – and it does not generate any income stream. bitcoin’s demise would have few spillover effects on the ‘real world,’ since the market for this cryptocurrency is still quite small in size. as a result, we believe that the risks to financial stability stemming from bitcoin are negligible — at least as of today,” said hofrichter. however,, title=$81 billion allianz says bitcoin is a bubble, search engine results show otherwise, summary=Allianz: Cryptocurrency Market Is a Bubble and Its Value Must Be Zero, bleu=0.0265
summarize:morgan stanley, one of the world’s largest investment banks, has just poached credit suisse’s resident "bitcoin expert” to head the former’s digital assets unit. as first reported by efinancialcareers, morgan stanley, which ranks sixth among u. s. banks with $858 billion in total assets, hired andrew peel last month to serve as its new "head of digital asset markets.” he will work out of the firm’s zurich and london offices. prior to joining morgan stanley, peel served as vice president of sales and trading innovation at credit suisse, where he served as the resident "trading subject matter expert for bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, client coverage and internal presentations,” according to his linkedin profile. andrew peel, formerly credit suisse’s "subject matter, title=bitcoin cash celebrates first anniversary, summary=morgan stanley Hires Credit Suisse’s “Bitcoin Expert” to Head its Digital Assets Unit, bleu=0.0
summarize:ethereum founder vitalik buterin is meeting with officials at thailand’s securities exchange commission to discuss the future of his platform and the omisego token. thailand’s regulatory bodies are being very progressive in exploring both the regulation and utility of cryptocurrencies. the meeting with buterin represents another step forward for the developing nation. real recognize realin september of 2017, the thai sec made a statement recognizing the potential for startups and existing businesses to fund projects using initial coin offerings. many other international regulatory bodies are actively expressing their ideas on cryptocurrency publicly. specifically the united states, russia, malaysia, singapore, the united kingdom and china. the bhatt saving blockchain bonanzathailand isn’t just into what’s happening with coins. the country is also focusing its efforts towards putting mail delivery, logistics and institutional investing on the, title=vitalik buterin engages in ‘fruitful’ discussions with thailand’s sec, summary=Ethereum’s Vitalik Buterin Meets with thai Securities Commission to Discuss Future of Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0309
summarize:switzerland’s national postal service swiss post will integrate a blockchain-based solution developed by industry startup modum in deliveries of pharma shipments and other temperature-sensitive products. modrum, a zurich-based swiss blockchain developer of sensors that use blockchain smart contracts and iot technologies, has revealed details of an ongoing partnership with swiss post that has seen several initial successful pilots of temperature-monitored shipments delivered.https://t.co/cwmcte3cjf ag announces its cooperation with swiss post to deliver an industry-leading, temperature-monitoring solution that enables regulatory compliance for shipments containing medicinal and other temperature-sensitive products. https://t.co/ey4qoz2vij— swiss post (@swisspost), title=swiss post taps modum blockchain for temperature-monitoring of shipments, summary=Swiss Post to Integrate Blockchain-Based Temperature-Monitoring Solution, bleu=0.0
summarize:those thousands of hours you spent crafting witty memes while you should have been doing your algebra homework may finally earn you more than retweets and reddit karma. cnet reports that brave, the privacy-centric web browser launched by mozilla co-founder brendan eich and funded by an initial coin offering (ico), plans to roll out reddit and twitter tipping to its native cryptocurrency payments system. after manually enabling the payment system through the browser’s settings page, users will be able to link their social media accounts to their in-browser basic attention token (bat) wallets and both tip and accept tips from other users."the model will be tipping — a user likes a tweet and can give bat to the tweeter, and optionally tweet back that he tipped,” the company said, adding that the feature would go live later, title=web browser brave to add cryptocurrency-based twitter and reddit tipping, summary=Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Litecoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash to Be Added to Browser, bleu=0.0182
summarize:the price of bitcoin has dropped by 4 percent earlier today, on january 29, as the entire cryptocurrency market struggled to recover from its previous corrections. other major cryptocurrencies like ethereum, cardano, and stellar have also fallen by small margins, in the 3 to 5 percent region. bitcoin’s performancethe slump in the performance of bitcoin is not exclusive to bitcoin. most of the cryptocurrencies in the market have struggled to record large gains since late december, when the valuation of the cryptocurrency market declined by more than 30 percent. bitcoin remains as one of the few major cryptocurrencies apart from ethereum to have not recorded a 50 percent drop from its all-time high. others, like ripple and bitcoin cash, have declined by nearly 60 percent from their all-time highs established in early january. although the price trend of bitcoin suggests that the cryptocurrency has been performing poorly in terms of user activity, title=tether’s relationship with auditor ‘dissolved’: reports, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops by 4 Percent as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ethereum classic price rose by more than 20 percent after us cryptocurrency exchange operator coinbase announced that it would begin rolling out etc support later this year. coinbase to list ethereum classic (etc)coinbase announced on monday that ethereum classic would become the fifth cryptoasset to be listed on the firm’s platforms, joining bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, and litecoin. etc is currently the 18th-largest cryptocurrency with a market cap of $1.6 billion. as ccn reported, coinbase recently revealed that it was pursuing federal registration as a broker-dealer, alternative trading system (ats), and registered investment adviser (ria) and hoped to list security tokens in the future. the move had sparked speculation about which asset coinbase would list next. despite its relatively low market cap compared to other assets on the, title=ethereum classic price soars 20 percent after coinbase teases etc listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase to List Ether Classic, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency startup swarm has an ambitious plan to democratize venture capital, and it has today taken a major step toward that goal by listing tokens that allow investors to purchase fractional shares in privately-owned fintech darling robinhood. no, robinhood, a wildly-popular commission-free stock trading app that recently earned a $5.6 billion valuation, isn’t holding a security token offering (sto), nor has it even announced plans to make its shares available to the general public through a traditional public listing. those hurdles, however, did not prevent swarm from finding a way to bring robinhood shares to the public anyway. here’s how it works. through partnerships with brokers and syndicate managers, swarm has sourced equity from former robinhood employees looking to cash out before the firm’s eventual ipo. that, title=cryptocurrency startup swarm is selling tokens backed by robinhood shares, summary=Crypto Startup swarm Lists Cryptocurrency Tokens for Investors to Buy robinhood Shares, bleu=0.0403
summarize:six, the owner and operator of switzerland’s principal stock exchange has announced plans to launch the six digital exchange – a crypto assets exchange fully regulated by the country’s financial regulator and central bank. in an announcement on friday, swiss exchange operator six revealed its new crypto-initiative which it claims ‘will be the first market infrastructure in the world to offer a fully integrated end to end trading, settlement and custody service for digital assets.’dubbed the six digital exchange (sdx), the blockchain-powered platform will facilitate the tokenization of clients’ existing securities as well as enable the issuance and trading of digital assets."the digital exchange will allow clients of six to trade, settle and custodize digital assets in the same way they currently do in the traditional world,” explained six head of securities and exchange thomas zeeb, describing sdx as an, title=swiss stock exchange operator is launching a crypto assets exchange, summary=swiss Stock Exchange Six Launches Crypto Assets Exchange, bleu=0.043
summarize:nano, which recently rebranded from raiblocks in january 2018, has issued a statement alerting users about a vulnerability in their android wallet, urging them to move their funds to a new wallet. this applies to anyone who generated a wallet seed using the nano android wallet, which was released just a few hours ago. the issue stems from the usage of the random.java class which is used to generate a stream of cryptographically secure pseudorandom numbers. the dev team seems to have overlooked this, and it is important to note that this issue wasn’t previously discovered. according to a reddit post by nanex’s ceo the random method uses a combination of the current time and the device memory address of the ‘java.util. random’ class.public random() internalsetseed(system.currenttimemillis() + system, title=nano issues alert on android app vulnerability, urges users to move funds, summary=nano Alerts Users to Cryptocurrency Issue in Android Wallet, bleu=0.0364
summarize:the iota community has recently been hit with a bit of drama, as some individuals have been left with their wallets drained due to malicious websites providing users with a new wallet seed. just two days ago, many users reported having their funds (an estimated $4 million) in their iota wallets stolen from an unknown source. the cause? online seed generators. online seed generators for iota are websites that provide users with a quick solution to generate a new seed for their iota wallet. when creating a new iota wallet, users are tasked with creating an 81-character seed rather than generation being baked-in. there are workarounds as outlined by the helloiota website, which includes using an ipfs seed generator, or creating a key using either the mac or linux terminal. however,, title=emptied iota wallets: hackers steal millions using malicious seed generators, summary=the iota community has been hit with a bit of drama as users are left with their wallets drained, bleu=0.0241
summarize:white hat hackers have been instrumental in investigations regarding last month’s breach of the coincheck exchange. the community members have helped track down the $538m of nem cryptocurrency that was stolen from the tokyo-based exchange. the ethical hackers have assisted authorities and encouraged others to join in providing aid. one prominent white hat known by the twitter handle jk17 managed to identify the accounts that the stolen money was sent to shortly after the breach. the information was shared with the nem foundation, and the accounts have been marked and are currently being monitored. the funds have now been moved to over 400 accounts including some owned by innocent holders, in what appears to be an attempt to confuse trackers. however, many more white hats have reportedly joined the hunt, making short work of the task. shota hamabe, a 34-year-old programmer is one such individual. shortly after the breach, he held an, title=[white hat] hackers join search for $530 million in stolen cryptocurrency, summary=White Hat Hackers Track $538m of nem Cryptocurrency stolen from Coincheck Exchange, bleu=0.034
summarize:unops, a service and technical advisory arm to the united nations, and cryptocurrency project iota have announced a partnership that seeks to help unops benefit from iota’s open-source distributed ledger and tangle technology to improve processes and cut down on middle-men. yoshiyuki yamamoto, unops special advisor on blockchain technology, said:"we share a vision where machines, devices, sensors and people connect and communicate to each other — it’s the world of ‘industry 4.0.’ harnessing technology that allows for these processes to work simultaneously, without the need for intermediaries, will help expedite our mission as an organization.”part of unops’ interest in iota is the open technology that drives the blockchain, which eases communications and supply chain bottlenecks. as a global organization empowering the un’s humanitarian, title=iota, united nations agency partner for blockchain transparency push, summary=Unops Partners with iota to Improve Supply Chain Processes, bleu=0.0427
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has rebounded from $271 billion to $291 billion, by more than $20 billion in the past 24 hours, as the us securities and exchange commission (sec) clarified that bitcoin and ethereum are not considered as securities under the laws of the us. sec statement recovers etherat the yahoo finance all markets summit, william hinman director, division of corporation finance at sec, emphasized during his speech that ether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum network, and bitcoin, are not securities as they do not benefit a single organization or a company. hinman discussed the initial coin offering (ico) of ethereum in 2014, which led investors to become concerned about the regulatory aspect of ether, and noted that despite the token sale of ether, its decentralized structure and the current state of the ethereum network eliminate the possibility of categorizing ether as, title=crypto market rebounds as sec clarifies bitcoin and ethereum are not securities, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds to $291 Billion as US SEC Clarifies Bitcoin and Ethereum Not Securities, bleu=0.0291
summarize:a new music group has captivated the japanese pop scene, and they’re capitalizing on cryptocurrency’s rising popularity in japan to step out into the spotlight. say hello to the virtual currency girls, the eight-woman pop group derived from the one hundred constellations underground music collective. sporting eclectic outfits of maid uniforms and luchador masks, they prance around the stage belting verses about bitcoin and friends to raise cryptocurrency awareness. each girl represents a different cryptocurrency, with each coin’s respective logo displayed prominently on the girls’ masks. these coins include popular choices you might expect, such as ethereum, bitcoin, cardano, ripple, nem, neo, and bitcoin cash, along with the lesser known monacoin, a litecoin fork that’s quite popular in japan. oh japan. why you, title=malware monero miner targets google’s doubleclick, summary=a new japanese pop group is stepping out to raise awareness of cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:the eos network, already characterized by critics as one of the cryptocurrency ecosystem’s most centralized projects, could be about to concentrate even more power in the hands of an even smaller number of actors. block.one to begin voting for eos block producerseos creator block.one on thursday announced that it will begin staking its tokens to vote for the network’s 21 block producers, who — according to the protocol’s delegated proof-of-stake (dpos) consensus algorithm — verify eos transactions and enforce the network’s constitution. the company, which raised more than $4 billion during the yearlong eos initial coin offering (ico), also received 10 percent of the 1 billion tokens created in the network’s genesis block. it now intends to use those tokens to support block producers that "share the core values” of the, title=eos might be about to get a lot more centralized, summary=Block.one to Stake Tokens to Vote for eos’ 21 Block Producers, bleu=0.0309
summarize:according to express, the government of china has confirmed that the country’s control over the global bitcoin exchange market has fallen from 90 percent to 1 percent. the uk publication also noted that "experts in china fear losing control” over the cryptocurrency exchange market. never was 90%, obvious drop to 1%the absurdity of local experts expecting a different outcome than china’s cryptocurrency trading activity dropping by a significant margin has to be highlighted, because the government of china banned cryptocurrency trading as a whole in 2017. in early 2018, the chinese government tightened its ban on cryptocurrency trading by requesting local banks to prevent dealing with crypto exchanges and trading platforms. given that it is illegal to trade cryptocurrencies in china and crypto exchanges are not permitted to operate within the region, it is illogical to expect the trading activity of the chinese crypto exchange market to not record a major drop. the majority of investors in china that still, title=free coins: neo partners with ont for a $40m airdrop, summary=China’s Cryptocurrency Trading Activity Drops from 90% to 1%, Report Says, bleu=0.0
summarize:highly-anticipated blockchain project eos is just days away from its scheduled production release, but its development team is still patching what security researchers have described as "epic vulnerabilities” present in its codebase. china-based cybersecurity firm qihoo 360 on tuesday reported that it had identified security flaws that would allow attackers to use a malicious smart contract to gain control of "all nodes of the eos network” and manipulate transactions at will. the attacker could also turn those nodes into a de facto botnet, which they could then use to mine another cryptocurrency network or even launch a cyber attack. from the report:"the attacker can steal the private key of super nodes or control content of new blocks. what’s more, attackers can pack the malicious contract into a new block and publish it. as a result, all the full no, title=eos still patching ‘epic vulnerabilities’ just days ahead of launch, summary=eos Developer Patches “Epic Vulnerabilities” in its Codebase, bleu=0.043
summarize:the initial coin offering (ico) presale for venezuela’s high-profile ‘petro’ cryptocurrency has been a resounding success — at least according to state-run media outlets. venezuela claims ‘petro’ cryptocurrency has received 171,000 intents to contributeon monday, nicolas maduro announced through the official presidential twitter account that more than 171,000 individuals and companies had pre-registered for the petro presale, which opened last week.#anuncio "hasta el da de hoy hemos recibido 171 mil ofertas de intención de compras certificadas para el petro, 40.8% en $, 6.5% en €, 18.4% en ethereum, 33.8% en bitcoin, de las cuales 3523, title=venezuelan president claims ‘petro’ has received 171,000 pre-registrations, summary=venezuela’s ‘petro’ Cryptocurrency Presales 171,000 Coins, Says President, bleu=0.0567
summarize:hani, a mainstream media outlet in south korea, has reported on sunday that bitkoex, a small crypto exchange in the country, absurdly released $650,000 worth of user data in a group chat. issues with small crypto exchangesupon the hacking attack of coinrail, industry experts and security specialists heavily criticized the business model and roadmap of minor crypto exchanges that attempt to squeeze as much profit as possible with small operational budgets. previously, moon byung-ki, the department director of sk infotech, a technology arm of south korea’s biggest telecommunications company sk, said that small to medium-sized exchanges in south korea do not allocate any budget in security and infrastructure development, leaving user funds and information vulnerable to security breaches."small to medium-sized cryptocurrency exchanges delay the implementation of necessary security measures and are only focusing on business, title=korean crypto exchange comically trashes $650,000 by leaking users’ private keys, summary=South Korean Cryptocurrency Exchange Bitkoex Releases $650,000 worth of User Data, bleu=0.0677
summarize:bitconnect’s bcc token is set to be delisted from the last cryptocurrency exchange that still traded it, meaning it’s about to become a dead coin over a lack of liquidity. surprisingly, the token still has a market cap of over $6.6 million. tradesatoshi, a little-known cryptocurrency exchange with a daily trading volume of about $1.16 million, over 78% of which is focused on an atc/btc pair, announced its move via twitter, adding that the delisting will take place on sept. 10. for those out of the loop, bitconnect was a well-known cryptocurrency investing and lending platform widely believed to be a ponzi scheme that saw investors pour in millions of dollars into its bcc token through the promise of extremely high returns. bitconnect collapsed in january of this year after it decided to shut down its cryptocurrency exchange and, title=dead coin walking: bitconnect set to be delisted from last crypto exchange, summary=Bitconnect’s bcc Token to Be Delisted from the Last Cryptocurrency Exchange, bleu=0.0372
summarize:the value of the cryptocurrency ecosystem skyrocketed in 2017, with various cryptocurrencies surpassing 1,000% gains. ripple’s xrp token, for example, was worth about $0,006 in the beginning of 2017 and is currently trading at $3.76. the 60,000% rise helped ripple become the second-biggest cryptocurrency by market cap, and is now valued at over $140 billion. behind the xrp token is san francisco-based company ripple, which uses blockchain technology in financial transactions. according to forbes, its co-founder and former ceo chris larsen, owns 5.19 billion xrp tokens, currently worth over $16.9 billion. he reportedly also owns 17% of the company, bringing his total net worth to $44.16 billion at current rates. this makes larsen the 18th richest person in the world, title=rocketing ripple puts founders and ceo among the world’s richest people, summary=xrp, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Spikes 60,000% in 2017, bleu=0.0
summarize:tube8, an adult entertainment platform, is adopting blockchain and tokenization technologies in order to reward visitors with cryptocurrency for watching videos on their website. porn site tube8 wants to pay you cryptocurrencyto effect this process, the pornhub subsidiary is partnering with blockchain platform vice industry token (vit) for the total tokenization of the website. this is a collaboration that will make it possible for users to get paid for engaging in activities on the tube8 platform, such as streaming and interacting with videos. the partnership was first reported by thenextweb. this development, when launched by the end of 2018, will put the entire tube8 platform on the blockchain. it will also establish tube8 and the first adult entertainment site to adopt token-based rewards and payment for website visitors. while commanding a traffic volume of 150 million visitors monthly, this collaboration could turn out to be one of the most significant entries of blockchain into the mainstream. although adult entertainment retains the, title=pornhub subsidiary tube8 wants to pay you cryptocurrency to watch porn, summary=porn site Tube8 to Pay Cryptocurrency for Watching Videos on the Blockchain, bleu=0.0403
summarize:covert cryptocurrency mining is shaping up to be the new mainstay of cybercrime. crooks hack servers, personal computers, and mobile devices and take advantage of the infected hosts’ cpu or gpu to generate virtual coins without victims’ awareness. even botnets consisting of numerous zombie machines are now used to perpetrate illegal mining activity on a large scale rather than spew out spam or hit online services with ddos attacks. this malicious moneymaking vector got a boost with the emergence of in-browser mining scripts, such as coinhive. the following incidents that took place recently illustrate how serious this issue is becoming and how booby-trapped website widgets play into threat actors’ hands. browsealoud widget hack affects thousands of sitesa massive cryptojacking wave took root on february 11, 2018, exploiting a popular widget called browsealoud., title=how hacked widgets help criminals mine monero, summary=Cryptocurrency Hackers Use In-Browser Mining to Hack Websites, bleu=0.0
summarize:make sure you check out our previous edition here, now let’s go over what happened in crypto this week. also, make sure you subscribe for this weeks edition of the bitcoin podcast by ccn on itunes or wherever you get your podcasts. price watch:bitcoin fell nearly 8% this week after jumping above $6,800 early this week. the market seemed to stabilize early this week but failed to hit the critical $7,000 support line. they later dipped below the $6,600 level. the fall continued with a quick drop below the $6,350 level. the price finally dropped to $6,150 on thursday night and has stayed around that level. nonetheless, analysts & executives remain optimistic citing technical analysis, increased transaction speeds (courtesy of the lightning network), and institutional money flowing into the space. even so, low volume and a lack of retail interest continue to plague the space. ethereum, title=coinbase additions, enterprise patents, and massive hacks: this week in crypto, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0301
summarize:the u. s. securities and exchange commission (sec) has announced charges against a third partner in an investigation of centra tech inc.’s $32 million ico which was promoted by legendary boxer floyd mayweather. the sec earlier this month filed charges against the centra tech alleging that its ico — which raised $32 million— was a fraudulent securities offering. unmasking the ‘mastermind’in an amended complaint, the commission charged raymond trapani, a centra co-founder, in the scheme, naming him the "mastermind.” the sec previously charged sohrab sharma and robert farkas, two other co-founders, for their roles in the fraudulent scheme. the three went to "great lengths” to create the impression they had created a cutting edge technology, robert a. cohen chief of the commission, title=sec charges third ‘mastermind’ in centra tech ico fraud, summary=u.S. Securities Commission Charges Third Partner in $32 Million ICO, bleu=0.0284
summarize:a credit suisse report downplayed fears that the growth of the bitcoin mining industry would initiate an "environmental armageddon.”bitcoin mining not an ‘environmental armageddon’the emergence of bitcoin as an economic force has had a correlative effect on the bitcoin mining industry, as increased profitability has attracted more miners to the ecosystem. this increased hashpower has come at the price of increased electricity consumption, provoking consternation among environmental activists and leading some critics to warn that bitcoin could cause a global energy crisis. however, a new report from credit suisse group throws shade on those apocalyptic predictions. last week, morgan stanley predicted that cryptocurrency miners could consume as much as 140 terawatt-hours of electricity this year, which equates to about 0.6 percent of global demand. citing this report, credit suis, title=venezuela to issue petro cryptocurrency through token sale, plans tax deals to bolster adoption, summary=Credit suisse: Bitcoin Mining Industry Could Initiate an ‘Environmental Armageddon’, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuelan leader nicolás maduro has revealed that the country’s state-owned companies may start charging for exports in the country’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro (ptr). according to the country’s cuatro f newspaper, even real estate is set to be purchasable with the cryptocurrency. in a piece published in the newspaper, maduro stated the petro came to "revolutionize the global cryptoeconomy.” the piece revealed the cryptocurrency’s pre-sale receive over 200,900 buy offers, from 133 different countries. as previously covered by ccn, it claimed the pre-sale raked in $5 billion. notably, the piece states that as of april 20, it will be possible to use the petro to buy products throughout the country, as well as real estate. as, title=venezuela “may” charge for exports in oil-backed cryptocurrency petro, summary=Venezuela’s State-Owned Companies to Charge for Exports of Petro, bleu=0.0477
summarize:runaway inflation continues to devalue the venezuelan bolivar (veb), even as the country’s authoritarian government seeks to divert attention from the floundering economy by hawking its "petro” cryptocurrency. according to reuters, prices in venezuela rose by 454 percent during the first quarter of 2018 and have swelled by 8,900 percent over the past 12 months. those numbers are from the opposition-controlled national assembly and are largely in line with estimates from independent economists. venezuela’s central bank, meanwhile, has not published official inflation data in more than two years. this hyperinflation has left venezuela on the brink of economic collapse, and residents are fleeing the country at an estimated rate of 5,000 migrants per day. by the end of the year, more than five percent of the country’s, title=venezuela’s bolivar sees 454% inflation in q1 as maduro hawks the petro, summary=venezuela’s Central Bank Hasn’t Published Official Inflation Data in More Than Two Years, bleu=0.0367
summarize:in an official blog post, the tezos foundation announced that the betanet is live. tezos is a smart contract platform which raised $232 million in its initial coin offering (ico) in july 2017, making it the largest token sale at that time. the platform boasts an on-chain governance model and formal verification for smart contracts. after a year of active development, several class action lawsuits, and multiple delays tezos has finally launched successfully."the future of tezos rests in the hands of its community. this moment marks an inflection point for the project, and we are excited to support community developers, scientists, validators ("bakers”), and enthusiasts from all over the world as they drive the success of this innovative, decentralized network.”in an exclusive statement to ccn, ryan jesperson, president of the tezos foundation, title=tezos network launches following months of delays, off-chain controversy, summary=tezos Foundation Announces Betanet Launch, bleu=0.0393
summarize:the initial coin offering (ico) for blockchain project eos is approaching $4 billion as it nears the conclusion of its year-long token sale. according to a report in the wall street journal, eos creator block.one is on track to raise $4.2 billion by the end of the ico, which began on june 26, 2017, and is scheduled to end on june 1, 2018, at 22:59:59 utc. block.one has been somewhat opaque about what it intends to do with the funds, particularly since it claims that it will not develop or maintain the eos software following its initial release. however, the company has already committed hundreds of millions of dollars to venture capital funds launched to support the development of projects that will utilize the eos platform. the eos ico is far and away the most lucrative token sale, in part because its 355-day duration is, title=eos ico approaches $4 billion after year-long crowdsale, summary=eos ICO is on track to raise $4.2 Billion as it Closes in on its Year-Long Token Sale, bleu=0.0241
summarize:roger ver, a prominent cryptocurrency investor who has backed some of the largest companies in the global crypto sector such as blockchain, zcash, bitpay, and kraken, recently sent the governor of jeju island of south korea $100 worth of bitcoin cash at a public event. humorous kim yeong-ran rule banterover the weekend, ver visited jeju island to promote the usage of cryptocurrency and discuss the future of the blockchain industry with the island’s governor, won hee-ryong, who has publicly expressed his intent to evolve jeju island into the next zug and malta of asia with favorable regulatory frameworks targeted at cryptocurrency businesses. at a cryptocurrency conference participated by governor won, ver sent $100 in bitcoin cash to the governor and his associates to demonstrate the capability of cryptocurrencies to facilitate the transfer of instantaneous payments. as ver tried to send $100 in bitcoin, title=roger ver sent governor of jeju island $100 in bitcoin cash, did it violate local policy?, summary=Cryptocurrency Investor Sends South Korean Governor $100 in Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0674
summarize:the ethereum classic investment trust was officially listed on over-the-counter (otc) marketplace otcqx on thursday, providing retail investors with the opportunity to purchase shares of the fund through their brokerage and retirement accounts. the fund, which is listed under the ticker symbol etcg, is a creation of grayscale investments, who purchases "physical” ethereum classic tokens and manages custody on its clients’ behalf. each share represents slightly less than 0.97 etc, so investors can obtain exposure to cryptocurrency investing through a familiar type of financial product. shares can also be held in conventional brokerage accounts, as well as tax-advantaged accounts like iras. previously, investors could only purchase etcg shares through a private placement, which restricted the fund to accredited (e.g. wealthy) investors. grayscale first applied to have the fund quoted on otc, title=retail investors can now buy the ethereum classic investment trust, summary=ethereum Classic Investment Trust Officially Lists on Over-the-Counter Marketplace, bleu=0.0427
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. news continues to pound the cryptocurrency markets stifling attempts to a recovery. the news of the binance exchange being hacked and the sec has requested trading platforms dealing with digital assets to register as exchanges. later, binance reported that the irregular trades were reversed. they also had an interesting observation stating that the hackers had lost a few coins during their attempted hack. the possible sec’s regulation is a much-debated issue with both sides having their own opinion about its pros and cons. but regulations have also proven positive for cryptocurrencies, attracting institutional money, which has stayed away from the markets until now. in another news, the japanese regulators have come down heavily on coincheck and six other exchanges., title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 8, summary=Binance Hacked, Cryptocurrency Exchange Reverses Trades, bleu=0.0058
summarize:news that payments network abra had committed to litecoin (ltc) for its smart contracts failed to prop up markets april 4 as the asset reversed previous gains. after abra, which raised $40 mln in its latest funding round, announced it would use litecoin’s smart contracts to power its wallet and exchange late march, ltc swiftly gained 20% to hit a weekly high of $136 tuesday, april 3, according to cross-exchange data from coinmarketcap. explaining the move, abra’s ceo bill barhydt saw compatibility with bitcoin as a major factor in the company’s choice of litecoin over ethereum-powered smart contracts: "we went with litecoin as the second asset class, after bitcoin, for our smart contract investing solution for 3 primary reasons:, title=litecoin fails to hold gains from abra adoption in shadow of litepay closure, summary=abra to Use Litecoin for Smart Contracts to Power its wallet and Exchange, bleu=0.0367
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. bitcoin continues to be pounded by negative news. unconfirmed reports about twitter following the footsteps of facebook and google in banning cryptocurrency ads pushed bitcoin’s price below $8,000 on march 18. the focus will probably shift to the g20 summit, where cryptocurrencies are expected to be discussed. the financial stability board (fsb), which advises on and coordinates financial regulation in the g20, is unlikely to introduce new rules, but the news will still keep the markets on edge. while this news and events are keeping many investors at bay, tom lee, a managing partner at fundstrat has a different opinion. he believes that bitcoin can reach $91,000 by march 2020, if it repeats its past performance of rising from the, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 19, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops Below $8,000 as Twitter Bans Crypto Ads, bleu=0.0
summarize:ethereum cofounder joseph lubin said on yahoo finance’s final round august 28, that he doubts manipulation accusations against stablecoin tether (usdt). founded in 2014, tether was "the first” blockchain-powered platform that allows for the tokenization of fiat-backed cryptocurrencies. in june, after the publication of a study conducted by analysts from the university of texas, usdt fell under suspicion of bitcoin (btc) price manipulation in 2017, when the btc price surged to an all-time high of $20,000. the paper claims that "purchases with tether are timed following market downturns and result in sizable increases in bitcoin prices.” while many cryptocurrency enthusiasts are convinced tether is lying about its backing assets, lubin is unconvinced of manipulation accusations against the token and the company behind it, title=ethereum cofounder joseph lubin doubts tether bitcoin price manipulation, summary=Ethereum Cofounder doubts tether’s manipulation accusations, bleu=0.0585
summarize:the former head of visa in the uk and ireland has joined a startup bringing crypto to consumer payments, business insider nl reports today, may 19. marc o’brien, who worked for visa between 2008 and 2014, has recently joined crypto consumer payment startup crypterium, which aims to make it possible to spend crypto in everyday situations, business insider reports. speaking on the importance of crypto adoption as a medium of exchange, o’brien told business insider: "the idea is that cryptocurrency is actually quite difficult today to use as an everyday method of payment. if you were to go to an exchange with your bitcoin or your ether it would probably take you 3 to 7 days to get that money paid out into a normal bank account. what crypterium will do is make that whole process seamless and give an opportunity for a consumer to actually use their cryptocurrency to pay for everyday items, title=former uk visa ceo takes helm of crypto consumer payment startup, summary=former visa head joins a startup bringing crypto to consumer payments, bleu=0.056
summarize:august 22: the crypto markets are seeing a second flush of green, with virtually all of the major cryptocurrencies seeing solid growth on the day, as coin360 data shows. positive price momentum is a welcome respite from protracted bearish sentiment, although multiple crypto commentators are attributing the upswing to yesterday’s announcement by leveraged crypto trading platform bitmex that it would be halting trading for scheduled maintenance. the window has allegedly been exploited by bulls to force a spike, especially within the context of a forthcoming august 23 sec decision on another bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (etf) application, that many expect will be negative. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) is trading at around $6,644 at press time, up almost 4 percent on the day, according to cointelegraph’s bitcoin price index. the top coin had been range bound around $6, title=crypto markets see green amid talk of ‘forced short squeeze’ on bitmex, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Analysis: Almost All Major Cryptocurrencies See Strong Growth, bleu=0.0
summarize:privacy-oriented cryptocurrency zcash announced the release of their first network upgrade, zcash overwinter, in a blog post on march, 2. the blog post says that overwinter, the "software-updates-required” update, will be supported as early as april 2018, on version 1.1.0 of zcashd. the overwinter main chain update launch is set for june 25, 2018. overwinter will allow the team to carry out the first upgrade of the core zcash protocol sapling, which is expected to go live in september 2018, according to zcash’s roadmap report. "the purpose of overwinter is to strengthen the protocol for future network upgrades, paving the way for the zcash sapling network upgrade later this year,” the coin’s developers stated in their blog post. the team reports that the overwinter software, title=privacy altcoin zcash announces first network update, ‘not expected’ to be a fork, summary=zcash Launches First Network Upgrade, Overwinter: Cryptocurrency Developers, bleu=0.0334
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. after the clampdown in china and south korea to cryptocurrency trading, there were fears that the us will also follow suit. however, the testimony of jay clayton, chairman of the securities and exchange commission (sec) and christopher giancarlo, chairman of the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) has allayed these fears. they were much more realistic and supportive of cryptocurrencies than what the market had expected. as a result, most cryptocurrencies are currently in a sharp pullback, after days of weakness. even after the recent plunge, some analysts believe that the cryptocurrencies will enter into a strong bull market that is forecast to be at least as strong as 2017. let’s see if we can find signs of, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, nem, neo, eos: price analysis, february 7 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Litecoin, Cardano, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis – May 31, 2017, bleu=0.0247
summarize:at a recent government meeting, sergei glazyev, economic adviser to president putin, said the ‘cryptoruble’ could help alleviate the pressure of western sanctions, the financial times reported monday. however, there is still no unified official stance from the russian government on the question of issuing a national digital currency. the russian cryptoruble is essentially a digital ruble -- a government-issued digital currency accepted as legal tender. according to ft, glazyev stated that a government-controlled cryptocurrency like the cryptoruble would help russia disregard western sanctions: "this instrument suits us very well for sensitive activity on behalf of the state. we can settle accounts with our counterparties all over the world with no regard for sanctions.” a divided front glazyev’s positive stance on the cryptoruble is the latest position in the ongoing, title=putin adviser says ‘cryptoruble’ will circumvent sanctions, government remains divided, summary=russia’s ‘cryptoruble’ could help alleviate pressure of western sanctions, analyst says. but there is still no official stance from the government on the issue of a national digital currency, bleu=0.0302
summarize:another week, another squabble involving the beleaguered eos blockchain. the platform that has recently sustained a round of criticism for its lack of decentralization and its underwhelming technical robustness is now going through a governance crisis. the problem partly stems, quite ironically, from the lack of the system’s mediating capacity and centralized enforcement over the pool of block producers - twenty-one entities elected by token holders and responsible for validating transactions under the delegated proof of stake consensus mechanism. the latest controversy unfolded as the eos core arbitration forum (ecaf), effectively the ‘judicial branch’ of the eos ecosystem, failed to handle a series of alleged security breaches, prompting block producers to take unilateral action and freeze the endangered accounts. the fallout highlighted immaturity of the system’s quasi-institutional structure, at the same, title=arbitration on a governed blockchain: eos’ crisis of dispute resolution, summary=eos Blockchain Goes through Governance Crisis after Security Breach Claims, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bank of thailand (bot) is considering issuing its own cryptocurrency, the bank’s governor revealed in a speech june 5. in his keynote on thai economic development at nomura investment forum asia (nifa) in singapore, bot governor veerathai santiprabhob spoke of a new project in which the central bank and other thai banks join forces to develop a "new way of conducting interbank settlement” using a central bank-issued digital currency (cbdc). according the bank, the adoption of its own cryptocurrency by the banking system would reduce the transaction and validation time as well as its costs "due to less intermediation process needed compared to the current systems.” santiprabhob noted that the bank is not prioritizing the adoption of cbdcs, but is, title=thailand’s central bank eyes creating its own digital currency for interbank settlements, summary=thai Central Bank Considers Issue of Own Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. historically, january has always been a weak month for bitcoin and 2018 is no exception. some believe that this is due to chinese investors converting their bitcoins to fiat currency in order to buy gifts and presents to celebrate the chinese lunar new year, which falls in february. after all, the chinese market is one of the major players in the crypto world. however, the same behaviour does not hold true for stocks, because the hong kong and chinese markets have been among the top performers. the equity markets are outperforming the crypto markets, at least in the first month of the year. with only a couple of days more left in january, it remains to be seen if the fortunes of the large cryptocurrencies take a turn in febru, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, nem, cardano: price analysis, jan. 29, summary=chinese investors are converting their bitcoins to fiat currency to celebrate lunar new year. equity markets are outperforming the crypto markets in the first month of the year, bleu=0.0129
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. oki matsumoto, ceo of japanese online broker monex group, believes that the cryptocurrency markets will take off similar to the derivatives market. if his prediction proves to be correct, the digital currency markets can assume a significant proportion of the total global trading volume. this shows that there is a huge opportunity for the traders and investors who are early in the game. the regulators, however, are confused on how to classify digital currencies. the commodity futures trading commission believes cryptocurrencies should be classified as commodities, whereas, the securities and exchange commission wants to label them as securities. whatever the outcome, after an initial hiccup, the cryptocurrency market will continue to grow because of its huge potential. even the south kore, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, tron, eos: price analysis, may 02, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: Price Analysis – Hitbtc Exchange, bleu=0.0265
summarize:bitcoin (btc) dropped around 2 percent friday, august 3, failing to find support to stay above the $7,500 barrier for the first time this week. market visualization from coin360 data from cointelegraph’s price tracker and coin360 show a sudden dip downwards from $7,550 friday, with btc/usd trading around $7,363 at press time. that figure marks bitcoin’s lowest since the end of july, just after prices shot up from $6,100 in a matter of hours. bitcoin weekly price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index since that time, markets have rallied and fallen, with commentators keen to see if support around $7,000 can hold to sustain july’s gains. today’s move downwards accompanies temporary volatility at cryptocurrency exchange okex, which confirmed it had injected 2500 btc in, title=bitcoin price dips below $7,400 amid futures volatility, eyes $7,000 support, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Watch: BTC/USD Drops 2 Percent, Can’t Find Support, bleu=0.0229
summarize:coinbase has announced coinbase pro, the new version of its trading platform gdax, in a blog post wednesday. the announcement comes on the same day as coinbase’s acquisition of relay platform paradex. according to the coinbase blog post, coinbase pro is an evolution of gdax, which is specifically designed for individual crypto traders. coinbase says that the new product was made specifically to suit the needs of individual traders, in addition to making the platform "easier and more intuitive.” coinbase pro will offer new features such as simplified deposit and withdrawal processes, in addition to letting customers take advantage of services like staking and protocol voting. coinbase will integrate the paradex relay platform into coinbase pro which, according their blog post, will let customers trade "hundreds of tokens directly from their wallets.” this would markedly expand expand the types of cryptocurrencies to, title=coinbase announces launch of coinbase pro, paradex acquisition, summary=Coinbase Announces New gdax Trading Platform, Will Let Customers Trade Hundreds of Tokens, bleu=0.0338
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. neo has been an underperformer in the ongoing recovery from the lows. it has dropped to the tenth spot in terms of market capitalization. many believe that neo’s potential will be fully realized only in about 3-5 years from now, so it seems to be a good idea to ‘hodl’ the cryptocurrency through the dips. let’s look at the charts and try to analyze its long-term and short-term potential. weekly chart post listing, neo exchanged hands below $1 for a long time. then, at the end of may 2017, the price started to rise and hit a high of about $58 levels in august of last year. after such a sharp rally, it was, title=weekly price overview: neo, april 26, summary=neo Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Cardano, bleu=0.0291
summarize:the popular exchange and wallet platform coinbase has refuted recent rumors that ripple (xrp) or other cryptocurrencies will soon be integrated into gdax, its flagship digital currency exchange. quashing rumors ceo brian armstrong firmly stated that neither coinbase and gdax have made a decision to integrate any cryptocurrency or digital asset in the short-term. the company said in a blog post: "a committee of internal experts is responsible for determining whether and when new assets will be added to the platform in accordance with our framework. these individuals — and all employees at coinbase — are subject to confidentiality and trading restrictions. as of the date of this statement, we have made no decision to add additional assets to either gdax or coinbase. any statement to the contrary is untrue and not authorized by the company.” coinbase’s statement was released following, title=coinbase rejects ripple integration rumors, currency’s market cap drops $22 billion, summary=Coinbase Refutes rumors that gdax Will Integrate Ripple or Other Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0312
summarize:bitcoin climbed 11 percent into friday to post its highest price since mid-december: one coin was worth $16,920, cross-exchange data shows. exchanges tracked by coinmarketcap recorded an average trade price maximum of just under $17,000 earlier friday before a slight correction saw bitcoin head back towards $16,000. the performance is encouraging for holders who have watched profits ebb as altcoin markets continue to surge. the trend marks a pause after several weeks of bearish action for btc, which did not immediately correct following its dip from $20,000 to around $13,000 last month. on social media, casual traders were eyeing bitcoin’s reversal to continue, noting its impact on altcoin markets. alts bounce because of this.... btc is a reversal pattern pic.twitter.com/ytold8jrih, title=bitcoin hits multi-week highs despite continuing altcoin surge, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: btc, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0
summarize:in a recent interview with the russian news outlet gazeta, the chairman of the state duma committee on financial markets, anatoly aksakov stated that the current draft of russian cryptocurrency bill requires government officials to declare their cryptocurrency investments. the draft is currently under review by the russian ministry of finance and the central bank with the final version of the bill slated to be released no later than july 1, 2018, according to forklog. as of now, government officials are not required to declare their cryptocurrency assets because of a lack of proper definition and regulation of cryptocurrencies, according to a recent announcement by the russian ministry of labor. thus, aksakov continues in his interview with gazeta, if the new bill does define cryptocurrencies as property, "all property owned by a state duma mp has to be declared, [including cryptocurrency].”, title=russian bill draft requires gov’t officials to declare crypto assets, summary=the russian government is not required to declare their cryptocurrency assets, according to a recent announcement. if the bill does define cryptocurrencies as property, all property owned by state duma mps must be declared, he says, bleu=0.0231
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the financial world seems not to have made up its mind yet about cryptocurrencies. paul singer, founder of investment management firm elliott management called cryptos "one of the most brilliant scams in history” whereas tim draper, a prominent venture capital investor, has held on to his bitcoin, and, when asked if he is going to sell them, said: "why would i sell the future for the past”. meanwhile major exchanges coinbase and bitfinex are aiming to implement the segregated witness (segwit) scalability upgrade into their systems, which will significantly cut fees and transaction time for the users. will this news turn out to be bullish for bitcoin and the other top digital currencies? let’, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, february 21, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether, EOS: Price Analysis – Can Cryptocurrencies Survive?, bleu=0.0234
summarize:tether has launched a fresh round of token creation, this month adding 86 mln euro-pegged eurt and 60.1mln dollar-pegged usdt to its issuance as finance magnates reports feb. 15. both tokens are issued on ethereum, with two wallets currently showing the ongoing activity as tether continues to face mixed press following volatility. finance magnates quoted an earlier announcement last september from bitfinex sister exchange ethfinex, the new tokens form part of a new collaboration bringing tether to ethereum. "following the widespread success of their bitcoin-based usdtether, issued via the omni layer protocol, tether have now collaborated with ethfinex on the development of the first ethereum-based tether, compatible with the erc20 standard,” the, title=tether creates over 146 mln new eur, usd tokens based on ethereum blockchain, summary=tether adds 86 mln euro-pegged eurt and 60.1 % usdt to its ethereum issuance, bleu=0.0374
summarize:a group of financiers will create a "complimentary global currency” subject to random identity checks and pegged to fiat, financial times reports march 22. discussing plans for saga, which will feature a swiss foundation and advice from various banking figures, chairman of jpmorgan chase international and ex-governor of the bank of israel jacob frenkel said there was appetite for a notionally non-volatile cryptocurrency. the foundation has already accrued $30mln in investments, and plans to issue tokens at an initial price of $0, these "entitling its investors to a rising number of saga as usage of the cryptocurrency grows.” "while blockchain technologies have gained growing acceptance, encryptic currencies have raised public policy concerns, since they are anonymous, unbacked, and are highly volatile,” frenkel told the publication. "i, title=swiss foundation gets $30mln to start ‘non-volatile’ cryptocurrency, summary=swiss Foundation to Create “Complimentary Global Currency” to be backed to fiat, bleu=0.0403
summarize:playboy enterprises will be developing an online wallet that will allow customers to use cryptocurrency to pay for company’s online media and includes support for the new vice industry token (vit), according to a post on playboy’s website published yesterday, march 14. the first sector of playboy to use the crypto wallet will be playboy. tv, which will accept crypto payments for access to exclusive content. the crypto wallet is expected to be released by the end of this year. the vice industry token, which raised $22 mln in ethereum (eth) in the first 24 hours of its initial coin offering (ico), allows viewers of adult industry content on sites using vit to earn the token for free just by watching content. playboy. tv’s use of vit will gives its viewers the option to earn tokens and use tokens to pay for other content, as well as the chance to vote and comment on, title=playboy to release crypto wallet, integrate vice industry tokens, summary=Playboy to Launch CryptoWallet to Pay for Online Media, bleu=0.0427
summarize:online broker monex group, which bought out hacked japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck this spring, plans to launch a u. s.-based trading platform, cointelegraph japan reported today, july 27. a summary of data from a financial briefing held friday confirms plans to establish tradestation crypto inc. as a cryptocurrency-focused subsidiary of securities brokerage firm tradestation, which monex acquired in 2011. as cointelegraph japan reports, monex ceo oki matsumoto also signalled coincheck –– which monex purchased in april for around $33 mln –– should begin functioning fully next month. matsumoto had originally forecast a june opening for coincheck, but delays in securing a licence from japan’s financial regulator the financial services authority (fsa) resulted, title=crypto exchange coincheck’s owner monex reveals plans to open us trading platform, summary=Monex to Launch U.S.-Based Cryptocurrency Trading Platform, bleu=0.0342
summarize:the second round of china’s state-backed monthly ratings of cryptocurrencies and blockchain projects has been released, cena news reported june 21. dubbed the "global public chain technology evaluation index,” this latest round was announced at the shanghai science hall on june 20, and ranks eos 1st, ethereum (eth) 2nd, and bitcoin (btc) 17th, out of a total of 30 analyzed cryptocurrencies. china’s monthly "global public chain technology evaluation index” is published by the china center for information industry development (ccid) of the ministry of industry and information technology, and is said to be compiled by "first-rate domestic experts and scholars,” according to the original index press release. eos’ top ranking is attributed to the "outstanding technical advantages in transaction confirmation efficiency, network throughput, and transaction costs, title=china's latest government-backed crypto rankings put eos 1st, btc 17th, summary=China Releases “Global Public Chain Technology Evaluation Index” for Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0
summarize:a june 11 report by network and enterprise security company palo alto networks has found that around 5 percent of all monero (xmr) in circulation was mined maliciously. according to the research, the mining has been done via cryptojacking, the practice of using other users’ computers’ processing power to mine for cryptocurrencies without the owners’ permission. josh grunzweig of the unit 42 threat research team collected data - around 470,000 unique samples - on how many cryptojacking miners have been identified within the palo alto network wildfire platform. the report finds 3,773 emails connected with mining pools, 2,995 mining pools urls, 2,341 xrm wallets, 981 bitcoin (btc) wallets, 131 electroneum (etn) wallets, 44 ethereum (eth) wallets, and 28 litecoin, title=5 percent of monero in circulation was mined through malware, research finds, summary=5% of all monero (xmr) in circulation was mined maliciously, according to a new report, bleu=0.1507
summarize:the ceo of us-based flight aggregator cheapair has published an open letter to customers on april 20, asking for opinions on a merchant solution switch to bitpay over crypto wallet and exchange service coinbase. ceo jeff klee wrote in the letter that cheapair.com has accepted bitcoin (btc) for flight and hotel bookings since 2013. according to the ceo, coinbase’s recent notification that they will suspend "custodial” solutions for merchants will make accepting btc more difficult. in response to the upcoming coinbase changes, klee suggests that the company implement a "reliable processing partner” to begin accepting bitcoin cash (bch), dash, and litecoin (ltc), in addition to bitcoin. klee brings up bitpay – whose merchant solution currently accepts only bitcoin and bitcoin cash – as an alternative to coin, title=crypto-friendly cheapair asks customers for feedback on switch away from coinbase, summary=Cheapair’s CEO Asks Customers to Switch to Bitpay to Accept Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0
summarize:all eyes are on japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck in the aftermath of what has become the biggest hack in virtual currency history - eclipsing the mt. gox hack of 2014. according to reuters, coincheck delivered its report to japan’s financial services agency (fsa) on tuesday, feb. 13 on the hack in january which saw more than $500 mln worth of nem coins stolen from the exchange. on jan. 26, $534 mln worth of nem coins were stolen by hackers in a number of transaction from the address. the funds belonged to customers of the exchange, which were stored in an online ‘hot’ wallet. according to coincheck officials, the private key was stolen, which allowed a total of 523 mln nem coins to be transferred from the wallet. questions were, title=coincheck delivers report to japan’s fsa, summary=Coincheck Report: $534 Mln nem Coins Stolen in january Hack Eclipses mt. Gox Hack, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. sanction-hit venezuela started the pre-sale of its oil backed cryptocurrency petro on feb. 20. just a day later, president nicolas maduro’s twitter handle reported raising $735 million. the venezuelan government plans to raise a total of $6 billion through the sale of 100 million petros. iran, which is also facing us sanctions is also considering developing its own cryptocurrency. if these nations successfully bypass the effects of sanctions using cryptocurrencies, this might lead to some strong steps by the regulators in the developed nations led by the us. despite this and a few other small issues that can be handled, cryptocurrencies offer a huge opportunity that is attracting the traditional, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, feb. 23, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Price Analysis – XRP vs. USD, bleu=0.0254
summarize:the litecoin foundation published a bulletin monday, march 26, notifying the public about the closure of "litepay,” a potential litecoin merchant solution similar to bitpay, and apologizing for "not doing enough due diligence” before promoting the company. the notice, written by director of operations keith yong and addressed to the "entire ltc [litecoin] community,” notes that the foundation is "greatly disheartened that this saga has ended in this way”: "we are currently working hard to tighten our due diligence practices and ensure that this does not happen again. litecoin was doing perfectly fine before the promise of litepay and will continue to do so. the ecosystem is far bigger than one company and is continually growing with support from many others with market ready products joining the space and fulfilling their promises to make it easier for the world to, title=litepay merchant solution ceases operations, litecoin foundation apologizes for hype, summary=Litecoin Foundation Apologizes for “Not Doing enough Due Diligence” on litepay, bleu=0.0446
summarize:cryptocurrency exchange and wallet service provider coinbase has announced updates to its index fund in a blog post published today, august 13. the u. s.-based platform stated that it will reduce its index fund’s annual management fee "for all new and existing investors” from 2 to 1 percent, explaining: "we’re reducing our fee in order to attract investors who are familiar with lower-fee index funds in other asset classes. this will help introduce a new category of institutional investors into the cryptocurrency space.” today’s announcement also includes news that the index fund has been rebalanced to incorporate ethereum classic (etc), following the altcoin’s official listing on coinbase last week. coinbase had announced plans to include etc on its platform as early as mid-june of this year. a month later, coinbase made a statement that company was considering adding five additional crypto, title=coinbase index fund reduces annual fee to ‘attract institutional investors’, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Rebalances Index Fund Fee to Include Ether Classic, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the aftermath of the january 26 hack of more than $500 mln worth of nem from japanese crypto exchange coincheck has led to a regulatory re-examination of japan’s crypto industry, so far culminating in the $33.5 mln sale of the hacked exchange to japanese financial services provider monex group. japan had been one of the leading countries in crypto adoption when it legalized bitcoin as a payment method a year ago. the move was made in part to prevent another hacking incident such as that of the now defunct japanese crypto exchange mt. gox — arguably the most infamous, and previously the largest hack in crypto history, when around $473 mln in bitcoin was stolen from investors in 2014. however, this january’s coincheck hack, which came four years after, title=monex’s coincheck vs mt. gox: can traditional finance save a hacked crypto exchange?, summary=Japan’s Cryptocurrency Industry Re-Examined After $500 Mln nem Hack Sells to Monex, bleu=0.0
summarize:a dns hijack has led to hackers withdrawing $400,000 worth of stellar lumen (xlm) coins from wallets hosted by blackwallet.co without users’ permission. as multiple sources report, on saturday, jan. 13, attackers took control of blackwallet’s hosting server, changing settings to allow code to run which automatically sent customer balances over 20xlm to an address under the hackers’ control. almost 670,000 tokens are currently missing as a result of the attack, likely explaining xlm’s almost 23 percent dive over the past 48 hours. on social media, desperate efforts to contain the threat before the service was taken offline saw blackwallet’s developer caution users to move their funds elsewhere if they had entered their wallet information since saturday. the developer, known as u/orbit84 on reddit, wrote: "i am sincerely sorry, title=blackwallet hack: $400k in stellar stolen, hosting provider possibly at fault, summary=a dns hijack has led to hackers withdrawing $400,000 worth of stellar lumen (xlm) coins. almost 670,000 tokens are missing as the attack took place on blackwallet.co’s servers, bleu=0.0143
summarize:two years ago, in january 2016, cointelegraph published an interview with david sonstebo, the ceo of iota, who listed out his vision for a blockchain-less cryptocurrency and explained about the technology behind iota. from its humble beginnings, iota is now ranked in top-10 world’s cryptocurrencies. cointelegraph caught up with david again for a conversation about the recent events and the overall journey of iota. cointelegraph: iota’s price exploded abruptly after the microsoft partnership announcement, only to drop down after ‘the clarification.’ what do you think happened there? was it just a misconception or could there be any deliberation from any end? david sonstebo: iota's abrupt price increase cannot be attributed to a misinterpreted'microsoft, title=fudsters, not misinterpreted microsoft partnership, responsible for iota decline, clarifies ceo, summary=iota Price Explodes After 'Misunderstood' Microsoft Partnership, bleu=0.0242
summarize:crypto markets are consolidating their recent gains, today, july 3, as data from coin360 shows, with bitcoin (btc) trading above $6,500. markets took an upswing starting june 30, and have since stabilized their growth, with most of the top coins seeing small gains and losses on the day to pres time. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin is trading currently around $6,560 at press time, down just 1.5 percent over the 24-hour period. the leading cryptocurrency has seen an intraday high of $6,687, holding comfortably above the $6,300 resistance level, which fundstrat’s robert slyumer earlier this week said would be crucial for gaining momentum to reverse its recent downtrend. bitcoin price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index top altcoin ethereum (eth) is trading around $464 to press time, down 2.4 percent, title=crypto markets hold recent gains, bitcoin gaining momentum over $6,500 price point, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Analysis: Top Altcoins See Small Gains and Losses, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. following regulators around the world, technology giants like facebook, google and twitter are now taking actions against initial coin offerings (icos) and cryptocurrencies in terms of advertising. will this dent the popularity of cryptocurrencies? nope. can this cause a short-term blip in the prices? definitely. the popularity of the cryptocurrencies is based on the underlying technology and not on advertising. also, bitcoin and altcoins have faced lot more serious problems in the past and have emerged stronger. this time is not going to be any different. we consider these dips as an opportunity to get a "piece of the future” at a discount. read on to see what we can buy today. btc/usd we had previously indicated that, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 28, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, NEO, Zcash, BTC/USD: Price Analysis – btc/usd vs. ico, bleu=0.0188
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. after a bumper 2017, the cryptocurrency market is attracting new traders who wish to make a fortune in short time. while this is a bullish development, it is also fraught with risk. most newbies entering the markets believe that it is a ‘get rich quick’ scheme. however, a majority will end up investing in coins that are likely to vanish from the scene in a few years. too many inexperienced traders willing to buy at any price can lead to a bubble, which will end with a sharp downturn that does not bounce back quickly. hope, we are smart enough to identify the bear market beforehand and emerge with minimum losses. traders should always keep an eye on the risk so that they can last in this business for the long-term. btc/usd bitcoin could not sustain above, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, iota, litecoin, nem, cardano: price analysis, jan. 8, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Litecoin, Zcash, Monero: Price Analysis – btc/usd, bleu=0.0277
summarize:grayscale investments has filed to list its ethereum classic trust on a publicly-quoted over-the-counter (otc) market, a move that will provide investors to buy this fund through retail brokerage accounts. grayscale managing director michael sonnenshein made this announcement during an interview with cnbc, revealing that canaccord genuity — the trust’s broker-dealer — had filed an application to have the ethereum classic trust quoted on the otcqx market later this year. once the trust is publicly-quoted, retail investors will be able to purchase shares through brokerage platforms and hold them in tax-advantaged accounts like iras. at present, shares are only offered through private placement and are restricted to accredited investors who purchase at least $10,000 worth of shares. the ethereum classic trust will be, title=grayscale files to list ethereum classic trust on publicly-quoted otc market, summary=ethereum classic trust to be listed on publicly-quoted over-the-counter market, bleu=0.1933
summarize:after a year long initial coin offering (ico) that raised a record $4 bln, block.one’s eosio has officially been launched. the project is highly anticipated and the june launch is as close to a moment of truth as you will get in the world of blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. developers can now actively build blockchain-based applications on the platform – which is being aimed at businesses and large scale commercial applications. however, the launch of v1.0 could be a defining moment for the project that has promised to be able to process millions of transactions per second and eliminate user fees in its technical white paper. eos – a brief history of block.one eos is a decentralized blockchain-based operating system that was introduced to the world in 2017. its developers, block.one, headed up by ceo brendan blumer and chief, title=moment of truth for eos: what’s next for $4 bln eosio following launch of v1.0, summary=Block.one’s eosio Launches after Year-Long ICO, bleu=0.0179
summarize:monday, feb. 19: the bitcoin price has surpassed $11,000 twice since sunday as bullish sentiment returns to markets and new support begins to form. data from cointelegraph’s price index shows a btc/usd journey to a high of $11,190.10 feb. 18, followed by a smaller peak above the significant barrier monday at $11,001.45. optimism is flowing after bitcoin broke through resistance surrounding $10,000 feb. 16, the threshold subsequently forming a support floor with prices staying above it as of press time. the move upwards broadly reflects predictions by well-known cryptocurrency price analyst tone vays, who in various recent forecasts warned of volatility around $10,000 and a repositioning of support floors. now, "clear” support and resistance will make future price action "more predictable” going forward, he says, noting the, title=bitcoin breaks $11k as new support forms and analysts turn bullish, summary=Bitcoin Price Overtakes $11,000 as Bullish sentiment Returns to Markets, bleu=0.0407
summarize:northern trust corp., a leading global asset management firm with $954 billion in total assets under management, is planning to start a custody service for digital assets, bloomberg reported july 31. the company’s head of corporate and institutional business pete cherecwich told bloomberg that the company has started developing a strategy to secure custody-held digital assets such as cryptocurrencies. he said the firm aims to offer a product similar to existing custodial services while charging lower fees: "the fees right now the custodians are charging are pretty high, not the same fees that we get — ultimately, i believe unsustainable, because it needs to be an efficient model." chicago-based northern trust corp. currently provides accounting services to several funds that invest part of their assets in crypto futures. the firm will not launch a custody product for digital assets for at, title=asset management firm northern trust to start crypto custody business, summary=North American Asset Management Firm to Launch Cryptocurrency Custody Service, bleu=0.042
summarize:april 3: bitcoin (btc) is still above $7,000, and ethereum (eth) is also back above the psychological price point of $400, as the crypto markets see another day of green upticks, according to coinmarketcap data. btc is currently trading at around $7,408, up more than 5 percent over a 24 hour period to press time. this month had seen btc dip below $7,000 among news that twitter would ban all crypto-related ads, and marketing automation platform mailchimp reportedly began closing crypto-related accounts. eth is up a little more than 4 percent over a 24 hour period, trading at around $406 by press time. of the top ten coins listed on coinmarketcap, ripple (xrp) is up the most, almost 9 percent over a 24 hour period - despite the coin’s overall poor first, title=bitcoin stays over $7,000 and ethereum breaks $400 again as market climbs steadily higher, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) is Still Above $7,000, ethereum (ETH) Rebounds Above $400, bleu=0.0642
summarize:a new project is aiming to create a "billion-dollar picture” by launching a cryptocurrency-powered advertising space that is open to everyone. cryptopicture is a 1,000 pixel by 1,000 pixel image where businesses and individuals can purchase a block to publicize themselves – personalizing it with a logo and a link to their website. over time, the company aims to amass a rich patchwork of brands, products and personalities. the start-up has bold plans to give each advertiser "huge exposure” and international reach through an array of platforms, with the ultimate goal of making the picture visible to millions of prospective customers. how pricing works advertising space in the cryptopicture can be purchased using ether, with the cost per unoccupied pixel rising incrementally as more and more of them get filled. as such, those who buy a block early are likely to get the most reasonable rates, title=crypto start-up allows businesses to buy ad space using ether, pixel by pixel, summary=‘Billion-Dollar Picture’ Launches in Cryptocurrency-Powered Advertising Space, bleu=0.0
summarize:the little-known blockchain project, ravencoin, has been thrust into the limelight with overstock.com ceo patrick byrne mentioning that his company had invested "millions of dollars” into the "use case specific blockchain focusing on the transfer of assets.” ravencoin’s opening line on a blogpost from nov. 1 opens with a line referencing the popular hbo series game of thrones: "in the fictional world of westeros, ravens are used as messengers who carry statements of truth. ravencoin is a use case specific blockchain designed to carry statements of truth about who owns what assets.” but other than linking itself to the tv show, what else does ravencoin offer that has sparked byrne’s interest? its four-page white paper is succinct, to say the least, but, title=what does overstock see in the digital bank of westeros, ravencoin?, summary=Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne: “Millions of Dollars” Invested in “Game of Throne” Blockchain, bleu=0.0338
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the exponential rise in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies attracted a number of new traders who embarked on a buying spree - mainly purchasing cryptocurrencies using credit cards. following the huge decline in 2018, the top 5 credit card companies have either banned or have announced a ban on cryptocurrency purchases using credit cards. as a result, late entrants to the rally, who had purchased cryptocurrency using borrowed money and are nursing losses of more than 50 percent will now be forced to square up their positions. this is likely to result in another round of panic selling, which will shake out the weak hands. these lower levels will attract a new set of investors who believe in the technology and have been waiting to invest at the right opportunity. let us identify these lower levels that can attract, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, nem, neo, eos: price analysis, feb 05, summary=Hitbtc: Cryptocurrency Trading Trends Lower than Expected, bleu=0.0075
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. dan morehead, ceo of cryptocurrency hedge fund pantera capital believes that the total cryptocurrency market capitalization can reach $40 trillion in about a decade. the current market cap is at $421 billion. morehead reiterated his bullish call on bitcoin, calling it a ‘screaming buy’ at the current levels. a similar opinion was voiced by john pfeffer, a partner at uk-based pfeffer capital who recommended bitcoin as a great investment opportunity at the sohn investment conference in new york. according to him, bitcoin could replace gold or become the new reserve currency of the world. this can result in its price skyrocketing to $700,000. on the other end of the spectrum is the former head, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, iota, eos: price analysis, april 28, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Cap Could Reach $40 Trillion in a Decade, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. regulators around the world are trying to stifle the popularity of cryptocurrencies. but every time they do this, the crypto world bounces back bigger and stronger than ever before. jesse powell, founder and ceo of kraken, believes that the market capitalization of cryptocurrencies will more than double from the current levels and reach the $1 trillion usd milestone by the end of the year. however, as the market matures, it will start differentiating between cryptocurrencies. ripple’s ceo, brad garlinghouse believes that many will sink to zero because they don’t have anything worthwhile to offer. but is there no way to stop the pump and dump that is the usual feature in some of the smaller coins? lon wong, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, february 14 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Price Analysis – XRP, BTC, IOTA, bleu=0.0261
summarize:controversial and untrusted figure in the bitcoin cash (bch) community cobra bitcoin may prove to be the saving grace for the network’s future, after a highly contentious dispute between bitcoin abc and nchain threatens to split bch into competing chains ahead of a scheduled hard fork in november. cobra, the anonymous owner of bitcoin.org and previous critic of bitcoin cash, announced the cobra client hard fork in a medium post and dubbed the upgrade a "safe implementation of the bitcoin cash protocol.” the proposed upgrade is in response to the "mostly non-important and non-urgent changes” proposed by major developers bitcoin abc and nchain. major developers clash over proposed upgrades bitcoin abc, the biggest bitcoin cash client, initiated the stir in the bch community after it released version 0.18.0 of its full node bitcoin cash implementation on august 20, which, title=bitcoin cash drama: battle lines drawn ahead of scheduled hard fork, summary=Bitcoin Cash (bch) Hard Fork: Cobra Bitcoin Could Be the Saving Grace for the Network, bleu=0.0215
summarize:potcoin is reportedly in discussions with representatives of dennis rodman to sponsor his trip to the us-north korea summit in singapore next week, the washington post reported june 7. potcoin is a cryptocurrency created to facilitate transactions within the legalized cannabis industry. rodman’s agent chris volo confirmed the former basketball star’s interest in traveling to singapore, saying he would provide "moral support” to president trump and kim jong un. the canada-based cryptocurrency sponsored rodman’s trip to north korea in 2017, when its price spiked after rodman wore a shirt with their logo while in the country. volo reportedly said that some issues of the trip were still being worked out, while shawn perez, a potcoin spokesman, declined to provide any details. he only told the, title=marijuana cryptocurrency may sponsor dennis rodman’s trip to us-north korea summit, summary=Potcoin in talks with Rodman to Sponsor North korea Summit in Singapore, Report Says, bleu=0.0313
summarize:after hitting monthly lows on march 18, and seeing a significant rebound on march 19, cryptocurrency markets have slowed down rapid growth and continue fluctuating around yesterday’s levels. bitcoin (btc) saw an increase of 4.04 percent over a 24 hour period, trading at $8,849 at press time, according to coinmarketcap. ethereum (eth), which dropped by 19.85 percent in the last 7 days, also experienced a small increase of 1.30 percent over the last 24 hours, trading at $553.10 at press time. litecoin (ltc) increased by 5.12 percent over a 24 hour period with a current trading value of $167.42 the remaining top-10 altcoins listed on coinmarketcap are still in the green with iota and eos increasing by 10.98 and 13.15 percent over a 24 hour period, trading at $1., title=crypto markets fluctuate after rapid rebound, but decline is still insignificant, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Markets Slow Down Rapid Growth, bleu=0.0202
summarize:wenn digital, the developer of a blockchain-based image rights platform licensed by kodak, announced thursday that it plans to attract up to $50 mln in a combined public and private token offering, reuters reported may 10. wenn digital has developed an image protection, monetization, and distribution platform secured via blockchain called kodakone, which is designed to protect the copyright of images or photographs registered on the platform. kodak reportedly owns a minority stake in wenn digital. the public offering of wenn’s token kodakcoin will begin may 21. initially the offering was scheduled for january, but was delayed in order to evaluate the status of potential investors. when kodak announced the partnership with wenn digital, its shares surged to a high of $13.25, but fell after the token offering was postpone, title=kodak announces token offering goal for blockchain image protection platform, summary=kodak Owns Minority Share in Wenn Digital’s Image Rights Platform, bleu=0.042
summarize:tzero, a blockchain subsidiary of e-commerce retail giant overstock, announced today aug. 6 that its security token offering (sto) will come to an end monday night, with no further extensions. tzero said that its sto will close at 11:59 pm edt, whereas investors with fully executed simple agreements of future equity (safes) have to remit funds to tzero by 5 pm edt wednesday. the startup will reportedly reveal the results of the sto on thursday, august 9, during overstock’s earnings call. while tzero originally limited the maximum amount of tokens to $250 million, it is currently unclear how much it raised during the round. the company initially introduced the sto in the form of an initial coin offering (ico) in december last year, having attracted strong crypto and, title=overstock’s tzero closes its security token offering tonight, summary=Overstock’s tzero Token Offering Comes to an End with No Extensions, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the financial times (ft) news outlet published an article wednesday, apr 25, detailing allegations levelled by several people against iota. according to ft’s report, some members of iota’s team have resorted to threats of legal action or violence when dealing with critics of their project online. when asked to comment on the report, ralf rottmann, a member of the iota foundation’s board of directors, told cointelegraph that he "joined the board of directors just recently and [is] not personally aware of any of the alleged incidents”: "what i do know: iota foundation continues to win renowned corporate partners and advisors, who all carefully vet whom they partner with, which to me speaks for itself. also i’ve never personally witnessed any iota foundation, title=ft: multiple online harassment allegations against iota team, foundation board member says he’s not ‘aware’ of incidents, summary=iota Foundation’s Board of Directors: “I’ve never personally witnessed” any of the alleged incidents, bleu=0.0285
summarize:venezuela has become the second biggest market for dash (dash), with almost one hundred merchants accepting the cryptocurrency each week, a spokesman told mainstream media wednesday, august 22. speaking to business insider, ryan taylor, ceo of dash core group, which is the legal entity behind dash’s core development team, said interest from both businesses and consumers was rising week by week. "we are seeing tens of thousands of wallet downloads from the country each month,” he told the publication. "earlier this year, venezuela became our number two market even ahead of china and russia, which are of course huge into cryptocurrency right now.” venezuela devalued its old bolivar by the equivalent of 96 percent august 20, pegging its replacement to its controversial petro cryptocurrency, sparking renewed desire to circumvent financial instability, title=dash core group ceo: venezuela ‘2nd biggest market’ as interest in crypto spikes, summary=venezuela is the second biggest market for dash, with almost 100 merchants accepting it a week, bleu=0.0301
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. goldman sachs, one of the biggest investment banks in the world, is taking the plunge into the exciting world of cryptocurrency trading. the bank’s decision was made because of the overwhelming client requests. this is a very positive sign for the crypto market’s future along with the news about analysts from blackrock, an american global investment management company, leaving the firm to fund a blockchain-focused venture capital fund. other places where the banks or institutions are still pondering over their decision, the analysts are quitting to open their own ventures. investors plowing money into these funds shows a growing interest. after the decline from the frothy levels in december 2017, the investors are getting a favorable entry opportunity. in the past few weeks, the, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, iota, eos: price analysis, may 04, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: Price Analysis, May 18, 2018, bleu=0.0273
summarize:after lurking in investment shadows for a number of years, cryptocurrencies have recently broken out into the mainstream. while bitcoin hogged most of media attention media and attracted a large portion of newly minted cryptocurrency investors thus far, blockchain technology has started to garner mainstream interest. investors in conventional stocks and assets are slowly migrating towards cryptocurrencies. however, those are still very new, very volatile and their market is not easy to navigate. here is where napoleonx comes in. the budding company will merge algorithmic, quantitative asset management with blockchain technology to make investing in cryptocurrencies more facilitated, secure and profitable. conventional trading with smart contracts in anticipation of broad conventional asset tokenization, the highly experienced napoleonx team has innovated the decentralized autonomous fund (daf) that makes investing in both cryptocurrencies and conventional assets on the same platform possible and robust. as trading bots are pos, title=trading bots to govern an investment strategy of newly created decentralized autonomous funds, summary=napoleonx aims to make investing in cryptocurrencies more facilitated and profitable, bleu=0.0312
summarize:the crypto markets are continuing on their upswing today, with bitcoin (btc) over $8,500 and ethereum (eth) approaching $600, according to coin360 data. btc is currently up more than 3 percent over a 24 hour period, trading at around $8,549. the last time btc was at this price point was on march 25. btc dominance is also down today, to around 38.5 percent. btc dominance had been around 40 percent since march 1. eth is up around 10 percent over a 24 hour period, currently trading at about $591, a price point it had hit last on march 16. of the top ten coins on coinmarketcap, ripple (xrp) is up the most, over 20 percent over a 24 period, trading at around $0.87 by press time. fundstrat’s tom lee, title=crypto markets see more gains in the wake of america’s tax day, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Over $8,500, Ethereum Nearing $600 as Crypto Markets Continue Upswing, bleu=0.0
summarize:privacy-focused cryptocurrency verge (xvg) has been the victim of another hack, in which 35 mln xvg were stolen over a period of a few hours, the next web reported yesterday, may 22. verge tweeted that their mining pools were under a ddos attack on may 21, noting that they were working to resolve it. it appears some mining pools are under ddos attack, and we are experiencing a delay in our blocks, we are working to resolve this. — vergecurrency (@vergecurrency) may 22, 2018 xvg is currently down by a little over 14 percent over a 24 hour period to press time, trading at around $0.041 according to data from coinmarketcap, which makes the hack currently equal to around $1.4 mln. verge was also hacked of 250,000, title=altcoin verge hacked for second time in two months, around $1.4 mln stolen, summary=Cryptocurrency Verge Hit by 35 Mln Xvg Hack, bleu=0.0
summarize:coinpayments, a global cryptocurrency payment processor, has announced an airdrop launch of its own utility token – the cps coin. the company also plans to lower its transaction and conversion fees for token holders and enhance its user interface in 2018. founded in 2013, coinpayments is a global cryptocurrency payment processor with a reach of over 1,000,000 vendors across 182 countries, says the company’s blog. coinpayments offers a cloud payment solution allowing merchants to accept bitcoin and hundreds of other coins through their plugins, apis and point of sale (pos) interfaces. "coinpayments has created a special place in the world of cryptocurrency users with intuitive digital wallets, which include shopping cart plugins that can be easily integrated by online merchants making it appealing to their customers” said alex alexandrov, founder and ceo of coinpayments in an interview with insight success. the company is, title=large global payments processor unveils airdropping campaign among users, summary=Coinpayments Announces Airdrop Launch of its Own Utility Token – cps Coin, bleu=0.0
summarize:security engineers of the philippine community of major multiplayer video game league of legends (lol) have removed coinhive crypto mining code from its garena client june 11, according to an official statement from the group’s facebook. on july 9, monero (xmr) mining malware coinhive was first detected on the lol client by a player who posted about the issue on the league of legends subreddit. according to the group’s facebook statement, the recent case of coinhive cryptojacking was caused by "unauthorized modification of the league of legends ph client lobby where a certain javascript code was inserted.” garena noted that apart "increased cpu usage,” the security experts found "no other impact on affected computers.” founded in 2009 in singapore, garena is a platform provider based in asia., title=league of legends philippines removes ‘cryptojacking’ code from its client, summary=League of Legends Removes Coinhive Crypto Mining Code from its Client, bleu=0.083
summarize:following a long-term bearish trend on altcoins this autumn, the cryptocurrency market was surging at the end of the last year. altcoins as ripple (xrp), stellar (xlm), verge (xvg), cardano (ada) skyrocketed in the course of two to three week. many others grew in price by five to ten times with the record-setters, such as tron (trx) and verge - by 20 to 30 times respectively. many altcoins proved to be stabilizing. major players such as ethereum (eth) increased immensely with a huge capitalization. it should be noted that the increase in prices has been growing alongside a relatively stable btc price, which means that all the generated profits were nominated not only in us dollars but also in btc., title=unknown heroes: little coins that generate big profit, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Cardano, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Remains Stable, bleu=0.0229
summarize:the cryptocurrency market is experiencing lows across the board today, jan. 14, with only three of the top 20 coins on coinmarketcap in the green. the total market cap remains around $692 bln, still recovering from the jan. 11 drop to around $630 bln. big drops altcoin ripple (xrp), which had been up 18 percent as recently as jan. 12, showed about a 10 percent loss over a 24-hour period to press time. xrp had seen a significant rise after the altcoin had announced news of a partnership with moneygram on jan. 11, but may have fallen after moneygram’s clarification that they are strictly using the altcoin for a pilot program: hello, this is a pilot program being tested on internal moneygram international processes and is not intended for consumer use. — moneygram (@moneygram) january 11,, title=cryptocurrency markets falling after recent rise, most coins in the red, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Recovers from january 11 Drop to $630 Bln, bleu=0.0
summarize:the central bank of malaysia (bnm) officially stated that they do not endorse crypto platform coinzer and its unlicensed logo design on march 11. according to bnm’s press release, coinzer used the unauthorized images of the bnm logo and the malaysian coat of arms on the physical design proposition for the coin, its white paper, and its website. bnm adds that crypto investments are risky and are not considered legal tender in malaysia. responding to bnm’s statement, coinzer announced on their website that they took down the contentious design on march 7: "we want to clarify that the coinzer physical coin's design is based on conceptual design, which are initially intended to be used as a token of appreciation to our partners and contributors. this physical coin design proposal however has been removed from our latest edition of whitepaper...” coinzer’, title=malaysia’s central bank rebukes ico for unauthorized use of its logo, summary=Malaysia’s Central Bank Takes Down Unlicensed Cryptocurrency Platform Coinzer, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin is ending the week in much the same place it was trading feb. 5 as sideways movement for much of the week sees prices hover just above $8000. cross-exchange data from coinmarketcap shows bitcoin beginning and closing the past seven days at around $8300, having slid to a low of $6111 feb. 6 before peaking at $9109 on saturday, feb. 10. the market remains influenced by regulatory activity in major trading markets such as india and the us. cointelegraph additionally reported throughout the week that press attention surrounding the indian and us moves was contributing to the volatility. on social media, traders and commentators had made calls for a reversal in bitcoin’s fortunes, which began in earnest towards the weekend before support broke above $9000. forecasting next week’s activity, tone vays on friday suggested that, title=bitcoin price makes little progress this week as analysts spy $10k resistance, summary=Bitcoin Ends Week in Much the Same Place It Was Trading feb. 5, bleu=0.0
summarize:monday, feb. 26: the crypto markets are climbing back up today, with all of the top ten coins listed on coinmarketcap in the green. total market cap is up to around $450 bln, neither a high or low of this week, which had seen numbers above $500 bln and close to $430 bln. bitcoin (btc) has broken $10,000 again, trading at around $10,342.40 and up 9 percent over a 24-hour period by press time. ethereum (eth) is also far away from the $800 mark today, which it had briefly dropped below earlier this week. eth is up almost 6 percent, trading at around $874.24 by press time. today’s biggest winner is altcoin neo, which is up more than 15 percent, trading at around $133.77 by press time. n, title=crypto markets climb towards green, bitcoin above $10,000, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Litecoin, Ether: Top Cryptocurrency is NEO, bleu=0.0202
summarize:a senior u. s. securities and exchange commission (sec) official has said that leading altcoin ethereum (eth) will not be regulated as a security, the wall street journal (wsj) reports today, june 14. sec corporation finance director william hinman said at yahoo finance’s all market summit: crypto in san francisco today that: "based on my understanding of the present state of ether, the ethereum network and its decentralized structure, current offers and sales of ether are not securities transactions.” hinman’s argument that ethereum is now sufficiently decentralized to disqualify it from a securities classification appears to indicate that the altcoin will be given the all-clear and not be subjected to heavy regulation by the sec. in may, the wsj ran a much-discussed news report, title=senior us regulator says ethereum ‘in its present state’ is not a security, summary=ethereum will not be regulated as a Security, Sec Official Says, bleu=0.041
summarize:taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. (tsmc), a leading producer of microchips, has decreased its annual revenue and capital expenditure estimates following growth rate reduction in the smartphone and cryptocurrency mining fields, business times reported july 19. tsmc produces chips for tech giants like nvidia corp., apple inc., and qualcomm inc. tsmc cut its revenue growth forecast for 2018 to "a high single digit percent” from ten percent, and lowered its expected capital expenses volume to $10-10.5 billion from $11.5-12 billion. according to analysts, the company could face slowing demand for high-end chips used in crypto mining, as miners choose lower-powered chips due to price volatility and stricter regulations in the industry. during the april and june quarter, tsmc registered a 9 percent increase in net profit from the, title=chip manufacturer cuts revenue forecast due to weak demand for crypto miners, again, summary=taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Reduces Revenue, Capital Spending Estimates, bleu=0.0285
summarize:while implementing its own utility token that allows gamers to convert their in-game currencies into cryptocurrencies, the tap project has applied for a patent on the converting method. for gamers who are interested in extra earnings, this shows that the project is acting seriously and intends to fully disclose and release their system, method and conversion mechanism publicly. the project also plans to release its mvp in june 2018. letting the gamers earn as cointelegraph reported previously, the tap project plans to alter the online gaming inner economy by introducing an in-game cryptocurrency, the tap coin. the tap coin is a utility token that can traverse multiple platforms and be converted to any cryptocurrency or fiat money. with the tap coin, gamers will be literally getting paid to play, having the ability to build their wallets and monetize their gaming. after finishing its crowdfunding campaign with 1400 eth raised in january, the tap, title=startup developing a universal currency for gamers is announcing its pending patent, summary=Tap Project Approves Patent for Converting In-Game Currency to Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0344
summarize:huobi, the cryptocurrency exchange, has announced that they will issue a token (the ‘huobi token’ or ht) starting january 23. the offering will be capped at 500 million tokens, of which 300 million will be offered to investors and the remainder kept as user incentives or team rewards. the offering, though, is not to be understood as an ico, with the huobi press release indicating that only users who are actively participating in the platform can receive ht. "ht is not an initial coin offering (ico). users can only get ht by purchasing 'point card' on huobi pro. point card is huobi's pre-paid card for basic service charge. 1 point = 1 usdt.” the announcement also indicates that the company will devote 20% of profits each year to a buyback program to bring the ht off the, title=huobi offers platform utility token, ‘not an ico’, summary=huobi to Issue 500 Million Tokens Starting january 23, bleu=0.0477
summarize:cryptocurrencies have revolutionized the way the world looks at transactions - but they’ve also facilitated some monumental scams over the past nine years. the success of bitcoin and a number of altcoins jumpstarted an industry that is incorporating blockchain technology in a number of innovative ways. while the smartest minds have created some game-changing companies backed by the power of blockchain and cryptocurrencies, nefarious minds have also jumped on the bandwagon, fleecing unwitting investors in elaborate scams. icos fever spawns massive scams since bitcoin’s inception in 2009, people have become increasingly enamoured with the idea of blockchain technology. over time, developers and business minds began creating their own solutions with this decentralized ledger technology. this led to the development of ethereum and other virtual currencies, with the former in part responsible for a boom in initial coin, title=unpacking the 5 biggest cryptocurrency scams, summary=Cryptocurrency Scams Boosted by Bitcoin, ICOs, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0
summarize:132 crypto investors have filed a lawsuit against the japanese-based crypto exchange coincheck, seeking 228 mln yen (around $2 mln) in damages, local news outlet sankei reported tuesday feb. 27. coincheck suffered a major hack in late january that resulted in the theft of more than 523 mln nem, worth around $530 mln at the time. the exchange has since promised to refund all of its customers in full at a rate of about 82 cents per token. despite the company’s refund promise, ten crypto traders had already filed lawsuits against coincheck on feb. 15 at the tokyo district court over the company freezing crypto withdrawals. coincheck began allowing yen withdrawals on feb. 12, which settled, title=japan: 132 crypto investors sue hacked exchange coincheck, seek reimbursement, summary=132 Crypto Investors Sue Japanese Crypto Exchange Coincheck for $2 Mln in Damages, bleu=0.0284
summarize:japan’s finance minister taro aso has confirmed that authorities inspected the recently-hacked crypto exchange coincheck for compliance friday, feb. 2, to "ensure protection of users.” the country’s financial services agency (fsa) carried out the move ahead of a deadline — set for later this month — for coincheck to submit an account of the $530 mln hack that took place last friday, jan. 26. part of a package of remedial measures regulators are demanding of the exchange, the hack report should shed light on security failures that allegedly allowed hackers to steal half a billion in nem from accounts within a matter of hours. according to local journal the japan times, the fsa said today that it had ordered all cryptocurrency exchanges in the country to submit a report on their risk management systems. coincheck and nem, title=japanese fsa inspects recently-hacked coincheck exchange, summary=Japan’s Finance Minister: Crypto Exchange Coincheck Is Inspected for Compliance, bleu=0.0
summarize:japanese ict conglomerate fujitsu is launching an iota-based proof-of-concept (poc) for audit trail processes in the manufacturing industry, according to an official notice released august 25. the notice says the company will use the iota protocol as an "immutable data storage medium” for audit trails across "industrial production environments and supply chains,” with the aim to improve transparency, data trust, and data security. leopold sternberg, program manager at fujitsu’s munich-based industry 4.0 competence center, is quoted as saying that the new partnership will "help roll out iota as the new protocol standard,” saying that the tech giant is "well-equipped” to do so given its expertise in both the ict services and manufacturing industries. the joint project intends to tackle the challenges of increasingly data-intensive ", title=fujitsu backs iota as ‘new protocol standard’ for audit trails, markets react, summary=ict conglomerate Fujitsu Launches iota-Based Proof-of-Concept for Manufacturing Audit Trails, bleu=0.0311
summarize:venezuela’s opposition-run parliament has denounced the emission of president nicolas maduro’s petro cryptocurrency, calling it "totally null and void.” the stricken country’s planned national digital currency petro, so called because it would be notionally tied to its oil reserves, had a planned initial value of $5.9 bln, after maduro announced 100 million units in a tv address last week: "i have ordered the emission of 100 million petros with the legal sustenance of venezuela’s certified and legalized oil wealth.” according to reuters, the value of venezuela’s oil and fuel export basket, to which petro was to be pegged, closed last week at just over $59. countering the plans in parliament however, deputy jorge millan ridic, title=venezuela parliament calls president’s $5.9 bln petro cryptocurrency ‘new fraud’, summary=venezuela’s opposition-run parliament denounces petro, calls it “totally null and void”, bleu=0.0446
summarize:this week, $534 mln worth of xem, the native cryptocurrency of nem, was stolen from a major japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck. on january 27, merely hours after the hacking attack was announced, developers behind nem created an automated tagging system to track down the funds stolen by hackers. stolen funds will be traced as cointelegraph reported on january 26, $534 million worth of xem were stolen from low security hot wallet that lacked multi-signature security measures. during a press conference covered by cointelegraph, coincheck executives stated that all of the funds were stored in a hot wallet or an online wallet, which left user funds vulnerable to the security breach. shortly after the press conference, nem representatives and its open-source development community firmly opposed the idea of conducting a hard fork to prevent user funds on a, title=$530 mln in xem stolen from coincheck can be traced, nem team confirms, summary=$534 Mln of xem stolen from japanese cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck, bleu=0.1042
summarize:users of cryptocurrency nano who downloaded a new android app must create a new wallet and move their funds after the discovery of a security vulnerability, according to a june 21 tweet nano. developers made an urgent appeal to users june 21, asking them to relocate funds to a wallet which had a different seed: *attention* anyone who generated a seed using the android wallet, immediately move your funds to another wallet derived from a different seed. *attention* — nano (@nano) june 21, 2018 nano, which made headlines earlier this year when hackers stole vast amounts of the altcoin from italian exchange bitgrail, had only just received support from hardware wallet ledger earlier this month. the android wallet, which developers released just a day earlier along with implementations for ios, mac, windows and linux, had survived just hours before being pulled. while an official statement about, title=nano android wallet users advised to move funds due to security flaw, summary=Nano users must move funds to a new wallet after security flaw is discovered, bleu=0.0924
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. while china banned initial coin offering (ico) back in september 2017, it has not prevented the chinese social network renren from seeking an ico. the company’s stock, which is listed on the new york stock exchange climbed 47.39 percent to $18.32 a share following the news. similarly, israeli trading company plus500 saw its stock price spike 20 percent as it reported that cryptocurrency trading had boosted its profits. this shows that the markets are excited about the companies getting involved with the blockchain technology or cryptocurrencies. but not regulators, apparently. the israel securities authority, for example, is not in favor of stocks, whose main business is linked to cryptocurrencies. the regulator plans to prohibit the listing of shares of such companies. will other stock markets regulators also follow? difficult to say. as, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, iota, litecoin, nem, cardano: price analysis, jan. 04, summary=chinese social network renren seeks ico, but regulators aren’t in favor of cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0149
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets are continuing to grow substantially friday, april 13, after bitcoin’s (btc) jump yesterday of over $1,000 in 30 minutes, with btc today above $8,000 and ethereum (eth) having broken above $500 for the first time since march 26. btc is currently trading at around $8,118, up by almost 18 percent over a 24 hour period to press time. eth is up by over 22 percent over a 24 hour period to press time, currently trading for around $513. all of the top ten coins on coinmarketcap are in the green, all with gains of more than 10 percent on the day. iota has seen the most growth, up more than 35 percent over a 24 hour period and currently trading around $1.42. total market cap is now solidly above $300 bln, at around $323 bl, title=crypto markets see steady growth following yesterday’s sharp price jump, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, IOTA, BTC, NEO, EOS: Markets Continue to Grow, bleu=0.0
summarize:the controversial stablecoin tether generated $250 million worth of new usdt tokens on may 18, according to omni explorer. tether is the company that issues the so-called stablecoins usdt, which it claims are backed at 1:1 ratio by us dollars. tether has been criticized for its lack of transparency after it broke ties with auditing firm friedman llp before an official audit could be conducted. with a near monopoly on stablecoins, the total supply of tether tokens has now risen to 2.5 bln, and some critics find it hard to believe that all of those tokens are backed by us dollars. one such critic is anonymous blogger bitfinex’ed, who has pointed out the correlation of tether coin generation with price increases of mainstream cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum. according to cointelegraph, title=tether mints $250 mln of new usdt tokens, rekindles controversy, summary=tether generates $250 Million worth of new usdt tokens, says audit firm. critics question if all of the new coins are backed by us dollars, bleu=0.1487
summarize:bitcoin (btc) has seen solid growth to break back above the $7,000 mark today, august 7. the overall crypto market is seeing a healthy flush of green, rallying forth after the weekend’s losses, as data from coin360 shows. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) is trading around $7,118 at press time, up around 2.5 percent on the day. after several faltering attempts to break past the $7,000 threshold yesterday, the leading cryptocurrency has today seen a sustained uptick as of very early trading hours. today’s growth has not yet pushed the coin’s weekly price change back into the green, however, which still remains at around an 8 percent loss. on the month, bitcoin is now up almost 9 percent. bitcoin’s 24-hour price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index fundstrat’s head of research and well-known bitcoin bull tom lee today, title=bitcoin posts solid gains to break above $7,000 while altcoins see green, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Technical Analysis – BTC/USD Remains in Green, bleu=0.0
summarize:august 5: after yesterday’s market nosedive, bitcoin (btc) is up just slightly, hovering around the $7,000 mark. all major altcoins are however showing marked signs of recovery, up between one and seven percent, as data from coin360 shows. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) is trading around $7,040 to press time, holding ground on the day after its rapid tumble yesterday back to a price point not seen since july 17. the leading cryptocurrency could now be eyeing $6,800 as a short-term support, after several faltering pushes above the $7,000 threshold earlier today failed to hold. bitcoin’s weekly losses are now at around 14.05 percent, with monthly gains pinched to just under 8 percent. bitcoin’s 24-hour price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index ethereum (eth) is seeing slightly more significant daily, title=bitcoin hovers near $7,000, while altcoins show marked signs of recovery, summary=Bitcoin (btc) Price Watch: Altcoins Show Signs of Recovery, bleu=0.0312
summarize:july 26: crypto markets are seeing a healthy flush of green, with most of major crypto assets seeing solid growth over the 24-hour period, as data from coin360 shows. after leading last week’s major market rally when bitcoin (btc) broke the $8,000 psychological price point, the leading cryptocurrency has been consolidating its gains. altcoins are also holding market confidence, with most of the top ten coins by market cap seeing growth of between 1 and 7 percent on the day to press time, according to coinmarketcap. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) is trading around $8,230 to press time, up just over 1 percent on the day. the largest cryptocurrency peaked at just below $8,300 earlier today — nonetheless shy of its weekly high of $8,431 yesterday, july 25. weekly high in bitcoin’s 7-day price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index bitcoin, title=major crypto assets see solid growth, total market cap holds above $300 billion, summary=Bitcoin (btc) Price Watch: Altcoins See Growth of 1 to 7 Percent, bleu=0.0
summarize:wednesday, july 11: crypto markets are experiencing a slight decline with the total market cap down just $2 billion from the same time yesterday. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) is fluctuating between $6,300 and $6,400 price points today. at press time, the cryptocurrency is trading at around $6,330, down 0.8 percent over the 24 hour period. bitcoin price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index ethereum (eth) is down 0.75 percent on the day, trading at $434 at press time. ethereum price chart. source: cointelegraph ethereum price index total market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies is similarly slightly down from yesterday levels, currently at around $252 billion, according to coinmarketcap. total market capitalization chart. source: coinmarketcap eos had seen the biggest losses out of the top 10 coins by market cap,, title=crypto markets slightly down, eos sees some of biggest losses, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $6,300, ethereum Down 0.75 Percent, Cryptocurrency Market Cap Down, bleu=0.0245
summarize:american cryptocurrency exchange coinbase announced june 11 that they will support ethereum classic (etc) on their platform, after which the price jumped over 25 percent. we are pleased to announce our intention to add support for ethereum classic (etc) on coinbase in the coming months.https://t.co/bug4ilur2j — coinbase (@coinbase) june 12, 2018 at 01:14 utc, etc was trading at $12.89, but an hour later the price had spiked by over 25 percent to $16.15. ethereum classic over the 24-hour period from coinmarketcap ethereum classic is the result of a hard fork in 2016, when developers who objected to changes in ethereum (eth) created the altcoin. at press time it is the 18th most valuable cryptocurrency with a market capitalization of, title=ethereum classic price jumps 25% following news of coinbase listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Announces Support for Ethereum Classic, bleu=0.0
summarize:ripple (xrp), currently the second largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, has continued its recent rally, crossing the $3 per coin mark. at press time, the altcoin was trading at an average of $3.12. ripple’s price has increased almost 49,000 percent over the past twelve months. the cryptocurrency passed $2 just last week, seeing a 130% increase since dec 27. this has cemented ripple’s number two position with a market cap of $121 bln, almost half that of bitcoin. what is ripple? ripple markets itself as a blockchain-based payment solution for enterprise level global payment transactions. the addition of the coin on bloomberg's price terminal in mid-december arguably started the substantial rally. a recent "cryptocurrency mania” on south korean market, during which almost half of ripple trading volumes occurred several multiple exchanges in the country, has also, title=ripple pushes past $3, reaches almost half bitcoin’s market cap, summary=Ripple Price Continues to Rise, Crossing $3 in 12 Months, bleu=0.075
summarize:japan’s mitsubishi ufj financial group (mufg), the fourth largest bank in the world, will launch its own digital currency mufg coin, local news publication mainichi.jp reported sunday, jan. 14. mufg is the largest financial company in japan and is set to become the first japanese bank to issue a virtual currency, mainichi.jp reports. the bank had plans to develop a cryptocurrency as far back as 2016. according to mainichi.jp, the launch date has now been finalized and is intended to take place in the fy 2018. based on blockchain technology, mufg coin will allow users to conduct instant person-to-person transactions as well as shop with lower fees. mufg stated the company will process all the transactions from its cryptocurrency’s network, claiming that such an approach will help improve the stability, title=world’s fourth largest bank mufg to launch own cryptocurrency in 2018, summary=Japan’s Largest Bank to Launch a Cryptocurrency: Report, bleu=0.0382
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. global equity markets: mixed performance global equity markets ended mixed last week, ranging from a 2.0% gain for india’s bse 30 sensex index to a 1.4% loss for the s&p 500 index. trade war fears have put weight on equities as the conflict between china and the us appeared to intensify with us president donald trump threatening new tariffs against china on thursday. this followed china’s announcement of new tariffs on over 100 us products on wednesday. adding to investors’ concerns is the fact that this conflict is occurring against the backdrop of a trend towards rising interest rates. needless to say, it’s not clear how this might end and markets are rightly nervous. on, title=equity markets vs. cryptocurrency markets: weekly performance review: march 31 - apr. 6, summary=Global Equity Markets End Mixed as US-China Trade War Threatens Increased, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the cryptocurrency market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. while a buy and hold strategy has proven to be beneficial to the early bitcoin investors, the late entrants have used the wild price swings to add to their bitcoin numbers. we can see from the charts in this article that the whales have increased their bitcoin holdings over the past couple of years. in these price swings, an average trader buys at the highs and sells at the lows. we have been trying to help our readers avoid this pitfall. all along through this fall, we have refrained from suggesting aggressive long positions. but, do we find a short-term bottom now? let’s see. btc/usd we were expecting bitcoin to retest the lows after turning down from the trendline., title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, feb. 12, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Watch: Can a Short-Term Bottom Be Found?, bleu=0.0129
summarize:the increasing ability to pay for products and services using cryptocurrency debit cards is a physical representation of the rise in crypto popularity. however, they are still relatively rare and at times complex; with so many cryptocurrencies available in conjunction with market volatility, it can be difficult for traders to know how best to utilize the contents of their cryptowallets when making purchases. amon is a financial cryptocurrency platform that looks to solve this issue using their unique payment card which utilises artificial intelligence (ai) to ensure that users get the best value from their cryptowallets with every purchase. their whitepaper claims that they are the only platform which enables users to use their most valuable cryptocurrencies for purchases in real time. amon also offers their own unique amon tokens (amn). three purchase methods amon card holders will have three purchase methods to choose from. the simplest is to instruct the wallet to allows pay with a single currency (for example, someone, title=new cryptocurrency debit card harnesses ai to give customers the best deal, summary=Cryptocurrency Debit Card Amon Using Artificial Intelligence to Make Purchases, bleu=0.0344
summarize:the us commodity futures trading commission (cftc) has refused a freedom of information act (foia) for a release of the subpoenas allegedly issued last year to cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex and token issuer tether, coindesk reports wednesday, june 6. bitfinex and tether share a ceo, jan ludovicus van der velde, and the two entities had created controversy last fall over alleged price manipulation of tether. the two companies reportedly received subpoenas from us regulators on dec 6, 2017, with the impetus for the subpoenas still unclear. tether has also since been under some scrutiny from the crypto community after they dissolved a relationship with their new york-based auditor before an official audit was released. the "stable-coin”, title=us regulator rejects foia request concerning bitfinex, tether subpoenas, summary=u.S. regulator refuses to release subpoenas allegedly issued to Bitfinex and tether, bleu=0.0346
summarize:portugal’s central bank director hélder rosalino said that he didn't consider cryptocurrency a currency or legal tender and hinted that the central bank of portugal has a similar position. his views are in line with many countries around the world, including the us where "a cryptocurrency does not have legal tender status in any jurisdiction.” the finance minister of portugal mario centano, who is also the president of the eurogroup, said last december that he is looking to european regulatory guidance concerning cryptocurrencies since they are "overseeing the general picture." the eurogroup is a group of nineteen finance ministers of eu countries, who meet once a month to talk about major economic and monetary policies that are implemented across the eu. finance ministers from france, germany and the uk have proposed that cryptocurrency regulation should be coordinated at a, title=why are portuguese increasingly excited about cryptocurrency trading: expert blog, summary=Portugal’s Central Bank Director Says Cryptocurrency Doesn’t Have Legal Tender Status, bleu=0.0
summarize:on july 31, a chinese bitcoin investor sued local crypto exchange okcoin for allegedly blocking him from getting his bitcoin cash (bch) after the bitcoin fork. while the case is new for china, compilations regarding hard forks and exchanges have been amassing since perhaps as early as the dao incident in 2016. so what happens when you have a coin that is about to be split into two, but you’re holding it on an exchange’s hot wallet? what’s a hard fork? essentially, a hard fork is a change to the cryptocurrency’s protocol that makes previously invalid blocks/transactions valid — and vice versa — and therefore requires all users to upgrade to the latest version. in other words, a hard fork splits the path of the asset’s underlying blockchain, wherein the upgraded, separated blocks start following, title=can crypto exchanges be trusted with hard forks?, summary=a chinese Bitcoin Investor Sues Local Crypto Exchange okcoin for Blocking Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0
summarize:the first-ever crypto investment report released july 18 by digital asset management fund grayscale investments reveals that the majority of capital inflow this year is coming from institutional investors. grayscale has been overseeing investments into crypto for five years, launching a bitcoin (btc) investment trust back in september 2013 and then expanding to other single-asset funds — including ethereum classic (etc), zcash (zec) and litecoin (ltc) — as well as diversified offerings, notably its digital large cap fund. according to this week’s report, institutional capital accounted for 56 percent of all new investments into grayscale products during the first half of 2018. despite the undeniably bearish picture for crypto markets during this time, grayscale remarks that "counterintuitively,” the pace of investment has "accelerated to a level that we have not seen before.” total, title=2018 crypto investment report: institutional investors provide 56% of capital inflow, summary=Cryptocurrency Investment Report: Institutional Investors Inflow 56 Percent of Capital, bleu=0.0411
summarize:germany-headquartered car manufacturing giant daimler ag, famous for its mercedes-benz and smart brands, presented its own blockchain-based digital currency mobicoin at the mobile world congress 2018 in barcelona, cointelegraph auf deutsch reported on march 5. the project, which started in february 2018, was created to reward drivers for environmentally-friendly driving habits, i.e. smooth and safe driving at low speeds. the project will be in its testing phase for the next three months, during which 500 drivers who follow eco-friendly driving practices will be rewarded with mobicoins. according to cointelegraph auf deutsch, data from the vehicles will be transmitted to daimler and converted into mobicoins, which will be stored in a mobile app. participants with the most mobicoins will reportedly receive vip tickets for events such as the d, title=auto giant behind mercedes-benz launches crypto coin to reward eco-friendly driving, summary=Daimler Presents Blockchain-Based Digital Currency Mobicoin at Mobile World Congress 2018, bleu=0.0
summarize:an u. s. investor has filed a $224 million lawsuit against telecoms giant at&t over alleged negligence that he claims caused him to lose $24 million in crypto, cnbc reports august 15. plaintiff michael terpin has reportedly filed a 69-page complaint with the u. s. district court in los angeles against his erstwhile telecoms provider, alleging that $24 million in cryptocurrency was stolen via a "digital identity theft" of his cell phone account. saying he was the victim of two hacks within seven months, the investor accuses at&t of "willing cooperation with the hacker, gross negligence, violation of its statutory duties, and failure to adhere to its commitments in its privacy policy.” after the first hack, terpin claims that "insider cooperati[on] with the hacker", title=investor files lawsuit against at&t over hack that allegedly lost him $24 mln in crypto, summary=u.s. investor files $224 Million lawsuit against telecoms giant over $24 Million in Crypto, bleu=0.0754
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the g20 considers cryptocurrencies risky, said the head of italy’s central bank, but the broad consensus is that they should not be banned. after days of negative news, this is a positive shift for the cryptomarket. led by bitcoin, most cryptocurrencies are trying to pull back from their recent lows. the plunge in cryptocurrencies from their december highs had scared off new wannabe cryptocurrency investors. once the tide turns, we may see fresh money trickle back into the markets. a recent survey by finder.com shows that only 8 percent of the americans own cryptocurrencies and another 8 percent plan to buy it in the future. with about 92 percent of the population still untapped, the markets have a long way to, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 21, summary=g20 Considers Cryptocurrency Trading Risky, Says Italy’s Central Bank, bleu=0.0103
summarize:thursday, august 23: virtually all of the top 100 cryptocurrencies are in the red today, with average losses of between 1 and 4 percent among the top 10 largest coins by market cap, as coin360 data shows. yesterday evening’s news of the u. s. securities and exchange commission’s (sec) disapproval orders for 9 different bitcoin exchange-traded fund (etf) proposals from 3 applicants -- which intersected with emerging reports of toughened anti-crypto measures in china -- has apparently reversed yesterday’s short-lived market upswing. pointedly, multiple crypto commentators had attributed the markets’ evanescent green to bulls exploiting a maintenance window on leveraged crypto trading platform bitmex to force a spike. many had also argued that the negative announcements from the sec had been widely expected, and were contributing to the alleged market action. market visualization, title=markets see red following btc etf rejections, news of anti-crypto measures in china, summary=Coin360: Top 100 Cryptocurrencies in the Red, Average Losses Between 1 and 4 Percent, bleu=0.0291
summarize:seoul-based law firm anguk law offices announced tuesday that it had filed a constitutional appeal on dec 30 over the south korean government’s recent cryptocurrency trading regulations, calling them an "infringement of property rights”, the korea times reports. the appeal argues that the latest government regulations of cryptocurrency trading released last week, which seek to make trading of virtual currencies in south korea non-anonymous, are "unconstitutional”. anguk law offices argues that since cryptocurrency is not officially considered a currency or financial instrument in south korea, there is not an applicable financial law in place to govern the trading of them. jeong hee-chan, a lawyer at the law firm, told reporters that the status of virtual currencies -- whether it’s property, a commodity, or another kind of asset -- must be decided before regulations are put, title=south korea law firm fights new ‘unconstitutional’ crypto trading regulations, summary=South Korea’s Cryptocurrency Trading Regulations Are ‘Unconstitutional’, Law Firm Says, bleu=0.0
summarize:anonymity-focused cryptocurrency verge (xvg) lost 25% of its value april 4 as news surfaced of an apparent hack which developers ‘resolved’ by accidentally initiating a hard fork. according to various press and social media sources, including verge developer known as sunerok, a bug allowed manipulation of block mining timestamps. this created the potential for illegitimate coins to appear from nowhere. "there's currently a >51% attack going on on xvg which exploits a bug in retargeting in the xvg code,” suprnova mining pool’s ocminer reported on bitcointalk. "due to several bugs in the xvg code, you can exploit this feature by mining blocks with a spoofed timestamp. when you submit a mined block (as, title=cryptocurrency verge responds to hacking claims by launching ‘accidental hard fork’, summary=Cryptocurrency Verge (xvg) Loses 25% of its Value as a Bug Allows Forks, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. most traditional investors have stayed away from bitcoin citing its volatility. yet, this has not stopped direxion asset management llc from planning to list "leveraged” and "inverse” funds that will rise or fall twice as fast as the bitcoin price. nevertheless, the big question is whether the us securities regulators will give the nod to such an instrument. any etf acceptance is likely to give a big boost to cryptocurrencies. with the market capitalization of the crypto universe inching towards the $1 tln mark, let’s see what kind of trading moves might seem suitable. btc/usd we had suggested initiating long positions in bitcoin at $15,500 in our previous analysis. the level was reached yesterday, jan. 5, which triggered the long position. subsequently, the, title=price analysis, jan. 06: bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, iota, litecoin, nem, cardano, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: Whether etf Will Accept Bitcoin?, bleu=0.0114
summarize:telegram has been called the "cryptocurrency world’s preferred messaging app” by many media outlets including forbes, and more than 84 percent of blockchain-based projects have an active telegram community. for over 48 hours now, telegram has been under a ban by internet service providers in russia. this was triggered by telegram’s refusal to give encryption keys to russian security agencies. but blocking telegram appears to be not an easy task for the federal service for supervision of communications, information technology and mass media (roskomnadzor), agency responsible for limiting access to the banned sources in russia. telegram users all over russia almost did not feel any difficulty in accessing the telegram service, while a lot of other russian websites, even state ones, saw troubles, as roskomnadzor has blocked almost 20 m, title=telegram digital resistance: the open network and russia’s ban, summary=russian Internet Service Providers Block telegram from Accessing Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0427
summarize:taipei, taiwan is seeking to become a smart city by utilizing the power of distributed ledger technology (dlt), or blockchain. the city has chosen to partner with iota, the inventors of the so-called tangle technology for the internet of things (iot), to provide a number of new technology features for residents. wei-bin lee, commissioner of the department of information technology in taipei city government, suggested in an official press release that the ‘unique technology’ offered by iota will usher in a ‘new era of smart cities for the citizens of taipei’. the first project on the docket is the creation of citizen id cards built on the tangle technology. called ‘tangleid’ cards, the creation is designed to eliminate risks of identity theft and voter, title=taipei partners with iota to become a blockchain-powered smart city, summary=taipei Partners with iot to Create ‘New era of Smart Cities for the Citizens of Taiwan’, bleu=0.0322
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. last week, the relatively low volatility in the cryptocurrency market came to an end. just about all cryptocurrencies dumped together with sharp declines, triggering renewed fear among traders and investors. as always, a bottom - at least temporarily - was eventually found, leading to bounces across the board. on the other hand, global equity markets were relatively stable and mostly holding above the support, following sharp drops in previous weeks. in most cases, major stock markets continue to evolve a potential bottom other than india, which as of last week has fallen through key support levels. global equity markets: holding steady the german dax index and s&p 500 led the way with gains of 3.63 percent and 3.54 percent respectively. at the start of the week, the dax fell to, title=cryptocurrency and equity markets: weekly performance review, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Litecoin, Cardano, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0165
summarize:one year ago to the day, bitcoin cash (bch) came into existence after a hard fork from the bitcoin blockchain. it has been an interesting 12 months since the fork gave birth to bch, as proponents have continuously argued the merits between bitcoin (btc) and bch. nevertheless, on the anniversary of the creation of bitcoin cash, it is worth revisiting what caused this altcoin to come into existence and what it aimed to do. how did we get here since its inception in 2009, bitcoin’s user base has steadily grown over the better part of a decade. in the past three years, this has caused some ‘growing pains,’ as the original parameters that govern the blockchain led to issues with transaction speeds and costs. in the bitcoin white paper, its creator — satoshi nakamoto — set out the technical details for a ‘pe, title=bitcoin cash celebrates its first birthday: from a hard fork to easy going, summary=Bitcoin Cash (bch) came into existence after a Hard Fork from the Bitcoin Blockchain, bleu=0.0291
summarize:san francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange coinbase has announced that it is examining the addition of five new coins, according to a blog post published july 13. the trading platform is exploring the possibility of adding new assets to its trading lists, including cardano (ada), basic attention token (bat), stellar lumens (xlm), zcash (zec), and 0x (zrx). additionally, coinbase said it will negotiate with local banks and regulators to add the assets to as many jurisdictions as possible. in june, coinbase announced it will support ethereum classic (etc) on their platform, after which the etc price surged by more than 25 percent. according to coinbase, the process of adding etc to their exchange platform is "proceeding as planned.” coinbase noted that unlike adding etc, which is technically akin to ethereum, title=coinbase announces five possible new assets, makes no guarantees for trade listing, summary=Crypto Exchange Coinbase Examines Addition of Five New Coins, bleu=0.0
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. fundstrat's thomas lee believes that bitcoin mining is an unprofitable venture at current prices. a model developed by his data science team has pegged the breakeven price at $8,038. if prices fall further, the miners will start to lose money on their operations. shone anstey, co-founder and president of blockchain intelligence group opines that this may force a few miners to stop their operations. technical analysts watch the 50-day ma and the 200-day ma closely to forecast the path of least resistance. a death cross, a situation where the short-term moving average falls below the long-term moving average, indicates weakness. paul day, a technical analyst and head of futures and options, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 16, summary=Bitcoin Mining is Unprofitable, Says Fundstrat Analyst, bleu=0.0075
summarize:all eyes are on litecoin amid a surge in price rivaling the recent rebound of bitcoin. charlie lee’s cryptocurrency, created in 2011, was surging up to 30 percent over the last 24 hours, for a number of reasons. according to cnbc, litepay ceo kenneth asare announced that over 41 countries, including the likes of the us, uk, china and germany will have access to litepay’s payment system. meanwhile, coinbase also announced that it would be launching it’s ‘coinbase commerce’ software which will allow vendors to accept payments in bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ethereum as well as litecoin. hard fork is a scam - says charlie lee another factor in the surge of price in litecoin is the supposed upcoming fork, which will create litecoin cash, title=litecoin cash - another bitcoin-bitcoin cash saga?, summary=charlie lee: Litecoin’s Hard Fork Is a Scam, bleu=0.0
summarize:ethereum classic (etc) has now successfully implemented a protocol upgrade that will ensure that mining remains viable in future, according to etc block explorer data yesterday, may 29. the fork, dubbed ecip-1041, has removed the so-called "difficulty bomb” feature from the etc network at block 5,900,000. the ‘bomb’ was a component of the original ethereum (eth) code that was designed to exponentially increase the difficulty of mining to the point where it would become impractically slow, thereby triggering the need to transition to a proof-of-stake (pos) consensus algorithm. this feature has commonly been referred to as the ‘ethereum ice age,’ because it would essentially ‘freeze’ block validations. ethereum classic formed after ethereum hard-forked from the original blockchain in 2016 over disagreements, title=ethereum classic upgrades network protocol to ensure mining remains viable, summary=ethereum Classic Removes ‘Difficulty Bomb’ in Cryptocurrency fork, bleu=0.043
summarize:estonia rolled back its plan to establish a national cryptocurrency estcoin following criticism from the president of the european central bank, mario draghi, and local banking authorities, bloomberg reported june 1. the managing director of the estonian e-residency program, kaspar korjus, proposed the development and issuance of estcoin in august last year. along with becoming estonia’s national virtual currency, estcoin would ostensibly evolve into the official currency for the country’s e-residency program. in the program estcoin would serve as an incentive for foreigners who use estonia’s electronic identification to remotely sign documents and found companies. draghi said in september, "no member state can introduce its own currency; the currency of the eurozone is the euro.” estcoins will now only be given as an impetus to, title=estonia rolls back its plan to issue national digital currency, summary=Estonia Rolls Back Plan to Establish National Cryptocurrency Estcoin, bleu=0.0427
summarize:may 9: crypto markets are seeing a mix of green and red after bitcoin (btc) challenged $10,000 on saturday, may 5, only to be followed by a subsequent drop to as low as $9,000 during the weekend. the markets have since retraced their losses somewhat, with bitcoin and ethereum (eth) showing gains of around 2 percent each over 24 hours to press time. bitcoin cash (bch) has displayed the largest growth among top 10 cryptocurrencies, up 6 percent over 24 hours, according to coinmarketcap data. market visualization by coin360 in terms of absolute value, bitcoin is hovering around the $9,300 mark at press time, after it stopped inches away from dipping below $9,000 earlier today. bitcoin price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index ethereum is following bitcoin’s trend, with gains of 2 percent over 24 hours to press time. after experiencing significant growth, title=crypto markets see mix of green and red after weekend selloff, summary=Bitcoin Cash (bch) Shows Largest Growth among Top 10 Cryptocurrencies, Gains 2 Percent, bleu=0.0
summarize:after a volatile beginning of the new year, the crypto markets are again falling across the board. almost all of the top twenty coins on coinmarketcap are in the red on monday, jan. 22, with the biggest loss around 13 percent over a 24 hour period. bitcoin (btc) is approaching $10,000 again, a threshold that it had briefly dipped below on jan. 17. btc is trading for around $10,709 by press time, with a 8.95 percent drop over a 24 hour period. ethereum (eth) is also below $1000, trading at around $981 at press time, with a 8.47 percent drop over a 24 hour period. the market’s early year dip appears to be a repeat of previous january lows, and 2017 had already seen three large drops of 38, 40, and 29 percent. this makes jan. 17’, title=crypto market update: coins down across the board after brief stint of green, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEO, Ether: Price Analysis for jan. 22, bleu=0.0165
summarize:the cryptocurrency market continues a slight uptrend with half of top 10 coins by market capitalization in the green on tuesday, feb. 27. bitcoin (btc) has slowed its advance but still managed to increase by 3.79 percent over a 24-hour period with a current trading value of $10,812.50. among the top 10 coins, iota has seen the highest change of 8.21 percent over the last 24 hours, and is now trading at $2.04. a number of other altcoins are growing as well. neo has increased by 7.24 percent, trading at $144.98 at press time, while ethereum (eth) showed a little growth of 1.51 percent over a 24-hour period. conversely, some altcoins are currently in the red. ripple (xrp), litecoin (, title=crypto market slightly grows, some altcoins in the red, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Oculus, Poloniex: Cryptocurrency Market Continues Uptrend, bleu=0.0165
summarize:banking group santander will be partnering with ripple to release an international money transfer app using ripple’s blockchain xcurrent and ripplenet platforms, business insider reports today, march 24. when speaking about the upcoming app release at the international fintech conference in london yesterday, march 23, nathan bostock, the uk ceo of santander said: "this spring, if not [sic] one beats us to it, we will be the first large retail bank to carry out cross-border payments at scale with blockchain technology.” at the end of january of this year, ana botin, the ceo of santander, had mentioned the app launch in the company’s 2017 earnings presentation, noting that it will be open to spain, brazil, the united kingdom, and poland. according to business insider, santander, title=santander: we’ll launch int’l payment app with ripple this spring if no one beats us to it, summary=santander Partners with Ripple to Launch International Money Transfer App, bleu=0.0248
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. by early february, bitcoin had plunged about 68 percent from its lifetime highs in mid-december. this fall affected bitcoin’s popularity, as measured by the number of people searching for it on google. in the first half of march, google trends shows that bitcoin searches have fallen to their lowest levels since october of last year. it isn’t necessarily a bad thing for the leading cryptocurrency. this shows that the euphoric phase has ended and some investors have fled the market. now, only the most interested participants who have a greater conviction in the cryptocurrencies remain. when prices don’t sustain below support levels on negative news, it is a sign that the bears are losing their grip. the early stages of, title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 12, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Watch: Is It a Bear Market?, bleu=0.0133
summarize:the banking unit of japan’s mitsubishi ufj financial group (mufg) plans to trial its own cryptocurrency as early as 2019, cointelegraph japan reports today, may 15. cointelegraph japan quotes local news media outlet nhk saying that a test phase of the cryptocurrency, known as mufg coin, could involve around 100,000 account holders. currently the fifth largest bank in the world by assets, mufg originally signalled its intention to launch a token in january this year, in so doing becoming the first japanese bank to issue one. plans for the move stretch back further to 2016, cointelegraph reported at the time. mufg coin is designed to offer currency functionality first and foremost, with test customers to download an app that will automatically convert their deposits. according to nhk’s report, one mufg will be equal in value to one, title=world’s fifth largest bank to trial own cryptocurrency in 2019, report says, summary=japanese bank mufg to trial its own cryptocurrency as early as 2019, bleu=0.0975
summarize:the crypto markets are experiencing slight price variations after the recent uptick, with bitcoin (btc) breaking $9,000 earlier today, april 21, and ethereum (eth) briefly over $600, according to coin360 data. btc is now trading for around $8,700, up around 2 percent over a 24 hour period to press time. btc dominance is slightly up from yesterday, now around 39.9 percent, according to data from coinmarketcap. eth is down around 1 percent over a 24 hour period, trading for around $589 to press time. the top ten coins listed on coinmarketcap are a mix of red and green, with altcoin stellar down the most, with a decline of more than 4 percent over a 24 hour period, currently trading around $0.36. ripple (xrp) is also down around 4 percent over a 24, title=crypto markets experience slight price fluctuations after recent gains, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether: Crypto Markets Upsides, bleu=0.0
summarize:the north american securities administrators association (nasaa) announced today, august 28, that its ongoing initiative "operation cryptosweep” has resulted in over 200 investigations of initial coin offerings (icos) and crypto-related investment products. state and provincial securities regulators in the u. s. and canada launched probes into potentially fraudulent crypto investment programs as part of the nasaa’s "operation cryptosweep” in may. the initiative targeting suspicious crypto investment products is reportedly the largest such coordinated investigation by state and provincial officials. the nasaa president and alabama securities commission director joseph p. borg said that in the course of their investigations, regulators have come upon numerous crypto-related activities that may constitute a violation of state and provincial securities laws. such violations include failure to properly register a product before offering it to investors., title=‘operation cryptosweep’ results in 200 crypto-related investigations, summary=nasaa Investigates 200 Crypto Investment Products as part of “operation cryptosweep”, bleu=0.0375
summarize:the texas state securities board (ssb) has issued an emergency cease and desist order to a network of cryptocurrency-related firms, the ssb announced in an official statement july 12. ssb commissioner travis j. iles took emergency action on july 11, suspending a group of crypto-related companies that allegedly offered fraudulent crypto investments to state residents. according to the order, the companies are immediately suspended from offering securities in texas until the security is registered or exempt. the order lists a utah-based network of three companies; mintage mining llc, symatri llc, and nui social. according to the ssb’s statement, mintage mining offers illegal and fraudulent investments in cryptocurrency mining. symatri is issuing a newly launched coin dubbed kal, title=texas state securities board issues cease and desist order to crypto promoters, summary=texas State Securities Board Issues Emergency Stop and Desist Order to Cryptocurrency Firms, bleu=0.0407
summarize:tron’s long-rumoured acquisition of bittorrent inc., the operator of popular torrent client utorrent, has been confirmed by tron founder justin sun in a community letter published july 24. the bittorrent protocol launched in 2001 and relies on distributed "seeding’” by users who upload shareable content. in his letter, sun celebrates the software as "the genesis of the decentralization movement,” a legacy protocol for the blockchain revolution, noting "bittorrent is [...] the first decentralized internet protocol with large-scale global application, [which] even today [... ] retains its status as the world’s largest decentralized protocol, once transmitting 40% of daily internet traffic.” according to sun, bittorrent and tron will be wholly integrated, with the tron and bittorrent teams merging into one. today’, title=confirmed: tron acquires major p2p platform operator bittorrent, summary=tron’s Bittorrent Acquisition Confirmed in Community Letter, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuela’s national oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro (ptr), has been scathingly denounced as an opaque "stunt” backed by a centralized and debt-saddled entity, the wired reports today, august 22. amid rampant hyperinflation in the venezuelan economy, president nicolas maduro has this week introduced a rebranded fiat currency – the sovereign bolvar – which will have five fewer zeros than its ailing predecessor, the bolvar fuerte (vef). the new currency has in turn been anchored to the petro, which is now valued at $60 or 3,600 sovereign bolivars. the plan effectively devalues the bolvar (vef) from 285,000 per dollar to 6 million – a drop of, title=experts: venezuela's petro is a ‘smokescreen’ backed by centralized debt-crippled entity, summary=Venezuela’s National Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency, the petro, Denounced as an “Opaque Stunt”, bleu=0.0309
summarize:sunday, june 10: crypto markets have seen a sharp drop today, in the wake of the news that the us commodity futures trading commission (cftc) has launched a probe into four major crypto exchanges. all of the top-100 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization are in the red over the 24 hours to press time, while total market capitalization is down by about $20 bln over the same period, according to coinmarketcap. market visualization from coin360 bitcoin (btc) has lost just shy of 5 percent of its value in the past 24 hours, currently trading at $7,244. the majority of the decline took place over a period of just 2 hours, earlier today. bitcoin price chart. source: cointelegraph bitcoin price index ethereum (eth) is revisiting its early june lows, having dipped below the $600 mark today. after losing, title=all of top 100 cryptocurrencies see red amidst cftc price manipulation probe, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops 5 Percent, ethereum Recovers from june Lows, bleu=0.0
summarize:chief technical officer (cto) of blockchain protocol eos dan larimer has proposed rehauling the project’s existing constitution to limit so-called arbitrators’ powers, in an eosgov telegram chat today, june 27. larimer’s proposal comes in response to recent controversies surrounding the structure of governance on the eos blockchain, in which three distinct groups work to ‘keep one another in check,’ as defined by the project’s current constitution. these three groups in the eos ecosystem are the so-called block producers (bps) – the equivalent of miners on the bitcoin (btc) blockchain – the arbitrators (eos core arbitration forum (ecaf)) and token-holders. the ecaf in particular has drawn criticism over the reportedly opaque nature of its role and powers, thrown, title=eos cto proposes rehauling constitution as disputes over governance continue, summary=eos Chief Proposes Revision of Constitution to Limit Arbitrators’ Powers, bleu=0.042
summarize:blockchain-based payments network ripple recently donated $29 mln of its own cryptocurrency xrp to support us public schools, fulfilling over 35,000 funding requests from teachers via donorschoose charity fund, as reported by abc7 march 28. we're so happy to give back to teachers like @kinder_roxs and all their students across the country! help us build on this momentum up by donating to projects on @donorschoose and continue the #bestschoolday https://t.co/qy1z7rlzgc — ripple (@ripple) march 28, 2018 according to cnbc, donorschoose will convert the donations into us dollars over the course of two weeks in order to avoid the volatility of the cryptocurrency market, and to comply with the company’s policy to sell the donated currency immediately. the donated money will be used to equip more than, title=ripple gives away 'the largest donation of cryptocurrency' to support public schools, summary=Ripple Donates $29 Mln of its Own Cryptocurrency xrp to Support US Public Schools, bleu=0.0313
summarize:major u. s. crypto exchange and wallet provider coinbase has announced that its digital assets custodian solution for institutional investors is now launched, in an official blog post july 2. coinbase first revealed its plans for its ‘coinbase custody’ venture in late 2017, saying at the time that it was seeking to address what it considers to be the "number one” concern of institutional investors, namely, security. as per today’s post, coinbase has already been storing over $20 billion worth of clients’ crypto over the past six years, but its new custody offering will notably be secured through an sec-compliant and finra-member independent broker-dealer, electronic transaction clearing (etc). the move thus explicitly targets institutions’ concerns to abide by terms set by u. s. regulator, the securities and exchange commission (sec), as well as wall street’s financial industry regulatory authority (, title=‘coinbase custody’ targeting institutional investors now 'officially open for business', summary=Coinbase Launches Cryptocurrency Custodian Solution for Institutional Investors, bleu=0.043
summarize:update: binance reverses irregular trades, resumes trading amidst community confusion about hack. users of binance, the top cryptocurrency exchange in the world by trade volume, are reporting suspicious activity in their accounts stemming from an apparent hack on reddit, march 7. binance has stated that the issues stem from third-party tools and that "there is no evidence” of the platform itself being compromised. the only users affected are those who have issued api keys on their accounts. reddit user shashankkgg originally posted in the binance exchange subreddit that all of their altcoins were sold at market rate. another redditor wrote "my balance dropped by 25%, i now have via and 3 of my coins were sold in their entirety. i bought one of them back, only to have it sold again.” according to their post on reddit, binance stated it is investigating, title=possible hack of third-party tools affects binance exchange users, summary=Binance Users Recover from Reddit Hack: No Evidence of a Hack, bleu=0.0339
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. the total market capitalization of the cryptocurrency industry reached $832 bln on january 07 this year, along with the talks of how it would reach $1 trln in 2018. fast forward three months and the market cap is down to $255 bln, a fall of about 68 percent from the achieved highs. some analysts believe that the selling might intensify by mid-april as many will be forced to raise money to pay taxes on the gains they earned in 2017. analysts attribute the fall to tightening regulatory concerns around the globe and the ban on cryptocurrency-related ads by the various social media platforms. currently, the sentiment is negative, and it might send cryptocurrencies prices lower. much has been written about the dreaded ", title=bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, stellar, litecoin, cardano, neo, eos: price analysis, march 30, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Cardano, EOS: Price Analysis – XRP/USD Falling, bleu=0.0257
summarize:the jamaica stock exchange (jse) has selected canadian fintech company blockstation to facilitate the trading of digital currencies and tokens on the jse, according to an august 14 press release. upon implementation of the project, jse will provide trading, quotes, execution, and settlement services for cryptocurrencies and tokens. kirk brown, head trader for a broker member of the jse, underlined the importance for investors "to be able to invest in digital assets through their traditional financial institutions.” marlene street forrest, managing director of the jse said: "we are very comfortable moving forward based on the training and support provided by blockstation, and because their trading platform incorporates familiar compliance rules to ensure a fair marketplace.” prior to the deal, five broker members participated in a live workshop with representatives from local regulators, while blockstation completed beta testing in, title=jamaica stock exchange to introduce crypto and tokens trading via canadian fintech firm, summary=jamaica Stock Exchange Selects Canadian Fintech Company to Facilitate Cryptocurrency Trading, bleu=0.0372
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the market data is provided by the hitbtc exchange. global equity markets: mixed outlook keeps investors confused strong earnings reports were supportive of u. s. equities as amazon saw revenue rise at its highest growth rate in more than six years, while net income doubled. its stock jumped to a new record high on the news. other tech leaders such as microsoft and intel reported strong earnings, but their stocks backed off following initial breakouts to new record highs. the s&p 500 however ended flat, down by only 0.01% for the week. rising interest rates remain a concern globally as u. s. treasury 10-year yields briefly nudged above 3.0% on wednesday, a key level watched by many market participants, before ending the week, title=cryptocurrency and equity markets: weekly wrap-up, summary=Amazon, Intel, XRP, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, BTC, IOTA, EOS, NEO: Market Analysis – Buying or Selling?, bleu=0.0144
summarize:com. every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision. the past few days have seen a series of flip-flops on news. first was the news of the korean government banning cryptocurrency trading that led to a sharp fall in prices. then came the rebuttal that there was going to be no ban in the near future. the latest news from south korea is that they have still not given up on the plan to shutdown cryptocurrency exchanges. the markets reacted with a selloff in all virtual currencies. the second news was that ripple had partnered with moneygram for money transfers. this shows that the traders should not impulsively buy or sell on any news. it’s always better to wait for a trend to form and then buy into it. is the current fall a buying opportunity or is there more to go? let’s find out, title=price analysis, jan 16: bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, iota, litecoin, nem, and cardano, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0278
summarize:the crypto markets are seeing a slight correction, with bitcoin (btc) dropping below $9,000 today, may 1, according to data from cointelegraph’s price index. the markets followed suit, with all but one of the top 10 coins in the red. market visualization from coin360 btc is currently trading at around $8,995, down just over 2 percent over a 24 hour period to press time. ethereum (eth) is slightly down as well, trading at around $664 by press time, down over 3 percent over a 24 hour period. of the top ten coins on coinmarketcap, only altcoin stellar (xlm) is in the green. xlm is trading at around $0.44, up over 3 percent on the day to press time. bitcoin cash (bch) is down the most of the top 10 coins, seeing 6 percent losses over a 24 hour period and, title=crypto markets experience slight correction, but btc still close to $9,000, summary=Bitcoin (btc) Drops Below $9,000 as Crypto Markets See Correction, bleu=0.0684
summarize:crypto markets have continued their slump, with bitcoin (btc) briefly dipping below $10,000 today, feb. 22, and altcoin ethereum (eth) edging closer to $800, according to data from coinmarketcap. total market cap is down as well, around $430 bln by press time, down from last week when it broke $500 bln. bitcoin is currently trading a little over $10,000, down almost 7 percent over a 24-hour period by press time. cointelegraph reported wednesday that bitcoin’s tolerance had seen a monthly high of 34.9 percent, a high barely broken today with coinmarketcap data showing a 39.5 percent btc dominance. ethereum is down 4 percent over a 24-hour period, trading around $810 by press time. altcoin ripple (xrp) has seen a large, title=crypto markets continue experiencing slump, btc dips below $10,000, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Crypto Markets Continue Their Slump, bleu=0.0215
summarize:another class action lawsuit for around 82 mln yen (around $771,000) has been filed against the hacked japanese exchange coincheck, cointelegraph japan reports today, april 2. coincheck was hacked in jan. 26 and over $530 mln in nem was taken from its hot wallet storage. the exchange froze withdrawals of all cryptocurrencies in the aftermath of the hack, allowing withdrawals and sales of certain coins to begin again in mid-march. two known lawsuits have already been filed against coincheck by lawyer hiromu mochizuki, the first involving 10 crypto traders who sued over the freezing of crypto withdrawals, the second coincheck lawsuit filed by the same lawyer involves 132 plaintiffs, reportedly suing for 228 mln yen (around $2 mln) in damages., title=another lawsuit filed against hacked crypto exchange coincheck asks for almost $800,000, summary=82 Mln Yen Sued for Cryptocurrency Hacked Coincheck, bleu=0.0296
summarize:according to a new investment thesis released by grayscale investments, the value of zcash (zec) could reach over $62,000 by 2025, assuming that the coin will represent 10 percent of all offshore wealth by that point. the report, written by financial analyst matthew beck, contains an all-caps disclaimer in a footnote below the chart that states the prices are "purely hypothetical”, as well as that: "no representation is being made that any results will or are likely to achieve prices similar to those shown.” zcash is an anonymity-focused digital currency that uses zero-knowledge proofs to verify the validity of a transaction without revealing its contents, giving it appeal as a "swiss bank account in [your] pocket.”, as grayscale phrases it. grayscale investment specifically manages investments in digital assets, overseeing both bitcoin (btc), title=crypto fund predicts zcash to hit over $62k by 2025, summary=zcash Price Could Reach $62,000 by 2025, according to a new investment thesis, bleu=0.0661
summarize:south korean bank woori bank intends to introduce "commercialized” international remittances this year based on ripple, a cryptocurrency-powered remittance network, local news outlet chosunbiz reports friday, mar. 2. on the back of a positive test transaction by its digital strategy department following initial tests in january, the bank is now looking to introduce ripple’s technology to its worldwide remittances. the trial came about as part of a japanese-based scheme involving ripple and sbi group, with 37 other institutions participating in the remittance test. of these, along with at least 23 more involved in testing blockchain remittances, the vast majority are japanese banks, given the "well laid out” nature of ripple’s network in japan. south kore, title=south korean bank plans ‘commercial’ ripple remittances by 2019, summary=South korean Bank Will Launch Cryptocurrency Remittances based on Ripple, bleu=0.042
summarize:with 2017 now firmly in the rearview mirror, it is time to take stock of the best-performing digital currencies of the year. bitcoin grabbed plenty headlines on its way to a brief stop at $20,000, but in terms of percentage gains, it doesn’t even crack the top 10. older altcoins like dash posted impressive gains, reaching a 13,900% return at its mid-december all-time high. dash’s price retreated somewhat, ending the year with a 9,265% gain to capture fifth place in the rankings. likewise, ethereum had a banner year, settling in at number six with gains of 9,162%. litecoin, one of the oldest altcoins, closed the year with a 5,045% gain and took the number nine spot. newer coins also fared extremely well, with nem and ardor taking number, title=the cream of the crypto crop: 10 best performing assets in 2017, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens: Top 10 Cryptocurrencies of 2017, bleu=0.0304
summarize:law firm taylor-copeland law has filed a class action suit against ripple labs for the sale of unregistered securities, according to the official complaint filed yesterday, may 3. the lawsuit targets ripple, its subsidiary xrp ii, and ripple ceo brad garlinghouse, alleging that ripple’s sale of xrp tokens is a violation of u. s. securities laws. according to the complaint, the plaintiff, an individual named ryan coffey, purchased 650 xrp on jan. 5 and sold it on jan. 18 of this year for usdt, which he then exchanged for usd, sustaining a loss of around 32 percent, or $551.89. one of the points in the body of the lawsuit is that the plaintiff did not expect to lose money on his investment due to the promotional practices of, title=class action lawsuit against ripple alleges sale of unregistered securities, summary=taylor-copeland Law Files Class Action Suit against Ripple for Unregistered Securities, bleu=0.0375
summarize:charles hoskinson, co-founder of altcoin cardano (ada), tweeted june 20 that the entry of wall street into the crypto sector will bring in "tens of trillions of dollars:” what's often missed by the cryptocurrency is going to die broken record media is that after the next wave of regulation, wall street is showing up to the party with all their locked up capital. that's tens of trillions of dollars entering the space eventually. future is bright — charles hoskinson (@iohk_charles) june 21, 2018 cardano, which is currently ranked 8th on coinmarketcap, has a market cap of around $3.5 billion. charles hoskinson was also one of the founding members of ethereum (eth), crypto startup invictus innovations, and crypto tech company io, title=cardano co-founder: wall street will bring ‘tens of trillions of dollars’ to crypto, summary=Cardano Co-Founder: Wall Street Will Bring in 'Tens of Trillions' of Dollars, bleu=0.0376
summarize:venezuela will give india a 30 percent discount on crude oil, but only if india uses the state-issued petro coin, according to an article published yesterday, april 29, from local indian news outlet business standard. news about the discount comes from crypto exchange coinsecure ceo mohit kalra, who told business standard that the offer had been put forward by a team from venezuela’s blockchain department in india last month: "they are going to different countries and making offers. the offer that they have given to the indian government is: you buy petro and we will give you a 30 per cent discount on oil purchases.” business standard reports that coinsecure will sell petro in india after negotiations with the venezuelan blockchain team. according to kalra, coinsecure will also supply white label exchange solutions for venezuela, meaning that all, title=india to get 30% discount on venezuelan crude oil if paid for in petro, says local source, summary=venezuela to Give India 30% Discount on Crude Oil, But Only if India Uses State-issued petro, bleu=0.0556
summarize:bitcoin.com ceo roger ver has hinted his publication may launch an ico as he unveiled a new tool allowing developers to issue tokens on the bitcoin cash blockchain in a bitcoin.com video august 11. together with one of bitcoin.com’s lead developers corbin fraser, ver hinted in the video at that the advent of the wormhole cash protocol, which allows for token creation on bitcoin cash, would afford new possibilities. "for better or worse, icos and cryptokitties are probably coming to bitcoin cash in the near future,” fraser had said, to which ver responded: "they’re probably coming to bitcoin.com, too. we’ve been thinking about having our own ico for maybe the games part of the platform; maybe we’ll issue a token and pay dividends or use part of the money... to buy back the tokens on the open market, title=bitcoin.com ceo roger ver eyes ico as token issuance protocol comes to bitcoin cash, summary=Bitcoin.com’s roger ver: ICOs and Cryptokitties are Coming to Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0586
summarize:the world’s economic leaders gathered in buenos aires, argentina for the g20 summit, and sought for proposals of cryptocurrency regulations to come by july 2018 according to the g20 communique. the document backs the words of frederico sturzenegger, argentina’s central bank chief, who noted cryptocurrencies need to be examined. having seen the document, ccn can confirm that rumblings of a crackdown on cryptocurrencies are out of the picture. it shows the world’s economic leaders seemingly prefer to call cryptocurrencies "crypto-assets,” implying they see cryptos as assets and not currencies. the g20 communique notably acknowledges the "technological innovation” underlying cryptocurrencies, which has the potential to "improve the efficiency and inclusiveness of the financial system and the economy more broadly.”it, title=russia ‘secretly’ helped venezuela launch state crypto petro: report, summary=World’s Economic Leaders Call Cryptocurrencies “Crypto-assets”, bleu=0.0
summarize:a delegation of officials from venezuela’s government is reportedly pitching the country’s upcoming cryptocurrency petro in qatar in an attempt to gain the latter as an early investor. citing source with knowledge of the diplomatic meetings, bloomberg is reporting that a group of venezuelan officials led by ‘crypto superintendent’ carlos vargas is currently in qatar, hoping to land the oil-rich middle eastern state as an early investor. the delegation is luring qatar by ‘currently negotiating discounts’ ahead of the oil-backed cryptocurrency’s upcoming ‘sale’ in february, the report added. it’s notable that venezuela is reaching out to qatar to buy into its cryptocurrency. qatar is facing its own economic blockade by a saudi-led coalition since mid-2016, title=petro discount: venezuela is luring qatar to invest in state cryptocurrency, summary=a delegation from venezuela is pitching qatar’s upcoming cryptocurrency petro, bleu=0.0817
summarize:privacy-centric cryptocurrency zcash has successfully activated overwinter, its first hard fork. zcash activates overwinter hard forkthe network upgrade went live at block 347,500, which was mined on tuesday, june 26, at approximately 1:37 utc. as ccn reported, overwinter introduces several performance enhancements to the zcash protocol. one such upgrade is "transaction expiry,” which allows the mempool to automatically cancel zec transactions that have not been added to a block within a predetermined period of 20 blocks (50 minutes). perhaps more notable, however, are the features that will prepare the network for future hard forks, including the highly-anticipated sapling upgrade, which is scheduled to go live in october. developers say that this fork will increase, title=zcash successfully activates overwinter, the first zec hard fork, summary=zcash activates Overwinter Hard Fork: Cryptocurrency’s New Features, bleu=0.0507
summarize:us policymakers have made targeting cryptocurrency-fueled terrorism and the illicit use of digital coins for any purpose a priority. rep. ted budd (r-nc) of the house financial services committee on jan. 10 introduced the financial technology innovation and defense act to congress. a key feature of the bill is a fintech task force designed to reward tipsters offering viable information about digital currencies and terrorist use. us policymakers have cryptocurrency-fueled terror on their bipartisan radar, as evidenced by a similar bill, the homeland security assessment of terrorists use of virtual currencies act, drafted by rep. kathleen rice (d-ny) last may. the fact that us lawmakers are focused on intercepting the illegal use of cryptocurrencies and enforcing ethical standards is a positive development for the industry, as it suggests that policymakers have come to terms with a digital coin world even if, title=cryptocurrencies are in free fall, but is it all bad?, summary=US Policymakers Make Cryptocurrency-Funded Terrorism a Priority, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency hardware wallet trezor has added support for piedpipercoin (ppc), the fictional currency created the main characters of hbo show silicon valley. satoshi labs cto pavol rusnak made the github commits on tuesday, enabling ppc holders to secure their coins using the company’s popular trezor hardware wallets. hey richard @piedpipercoin! i just added your coin to @trezor! could you please check that i got all details correctly and send a pull request if not? https://t.co/lymw4u1toy pic.twitter.com/4i48s3rg2t— stickpavol rusnak (@pavolrusnak) may 8, 2018as ccn reported, the, title=crypto wallet trezor adds support for fictional currency piedpipercoin, summary=Cryptocurrency Hardware Wallet trezor Adds Support for Pied Pipercoin, bleu=0.0567
summarize:given the impact ethereum has had on blockchain development since its founding in 2015, it’s hard to imagine what blockchain and cryptocurrency would be like today without it."ethereum” has appeared in 110 million google searchesconsensys, a blockchain venture production studio building decentralized applications on ethereum, offered a census of the cryptocurrency’s contributions to blockchain in a recent blog. here’s a brief rundown. the word "ethereum” has been referenced in more than 110 million google searches in the last two years, the blog noted. on average, #ethereum gets tweeted 20,000 times daily. the eth network has processed about 240 million transactions. on jan. 4, it set a record of 1.3 million transactions in a 24-hour period. source: etherscannearly 17,000 nodes operating the ethereum blockchain on six continents, title=the word “ethereum” has been googled more than 110 million times, summary=ethereum has been mentioned in 110 million google searches in the last two years, bleu=0.0849
summarize:clay space, a blockchain researcher and the founder of blockspace media, recently ran a study by feeding an artificial intelligence (ai) system 100 initial coin offering (ico) whitepapers and having it produce its own. essentially, through the utilization of ai and machine learning, space had an ai system, which previously had no knowledge of cryptocurrency or ico, read through many ico papers and write its own whitepaper. after a hundred whitepapers, the ai came up with an ico whitepaper that almost identically resembles the structure of the majority of ico whitepapers currently in existence. structurethe random whitepaper produced by the ai system used by space created a paper with the following structure:introductionproblemuses of the tokenpurchasing icouse of fundsteamin the third portion, entitled uses of the token, the ai-written whitepaper laid, title=ai reads 100 ico papers, publishes a crypto whitepaper: here’s how it sounds, summary=ai system feeds 100 ico whitepapers and creates its own., bleu=0.0577
summarize:the creator of cardano portends that the cryptocurrency markets will undergo a serious correction that will help weed out projects with poor fundamentals. the 2017 market run-up injected hundreds of billions of dollars worth of capital into the cryptocurrency ecosystem, but many industry observers believe that the rally has been indiscriminate and could trigger a crash as investors gradually recognize that many projects have poor fundamentals."my personal opinion is that we’re going to see a consolidation after a crash,” ethereum co-founder charles hoskinson told cnbc in an interview friday. hoskinson served as chief executive of the ethereum project during its early stages in late 2013 and early 2014. at present, he heads blockchain research firm iohk, which is best known for its development of cardano, which currently ranks as the fifth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap, title=ethereum alumni and cardano creator predicts a cryptocurrency market crash, summary=ethereum co-founder: “We’re going to see a consolidation after....a crash”: charles hoskinson of cardano, bleu=0.0239
summarize:the bitcoin price saw a slight bump on monday, rising just under two percent to extend the market’s weekend recovery into the new week. after trading as low as $6,109 on saturday, bitcoin is now priced at $6,458 on bitfinex, which translates into a $111 billion market cap. btc/usd | bitfinexwhile there are many factors that impact bitcoin’s price movements, including unseen action on the over-the-counter (otc) markets frequented by large-scale buyers and sellers, the weekend rally also correlated with a new issuance of usdt, the dollar-pegged "stablecoin” token created by controversial cryptocurrency startup tether. according to data from omni explorer, the tether treasury issued 50 million usdt on saturday, representing an influx of, title=bitcoin price creeps near $6,500 as tether issues $50 million worth of new tokens, summary=Bitcoin Price Rises to $6,458 as tether Issues 50 Million Usdt, bleu=0.0577
summarize:malaysia’s statutory securities regulator and watchdog has issued a cease an immediate cease and desist to a startup’s initial coin offering (ico). with a statement on tuesday, the securities commission (sc) malaysia ordered the copycash foundation to "immediately cease and desist all its proposed activities including a purported plan to launch an initial coin offering (ico)”. copycash describes itself as a decentralized social travestying (trading and investing) blockchain platform on its website, enabling travestying in foreign exchange markets and cryptocurrencies. the directive came ahead of the intended launch of the startup’s ico today. the ban follows a previous statement by the regulator on january 5 when the authority stated it "will be calling in key officers” from copycash to "inquire into its activities including, title=state cryptocurrency ‘petro’ is illegal, declares venezuela’s congress, summary=Malaysia’s Securities Regulator Bans Copycash Foundation from Initial Coin Offering, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bitcoin price has rebounded to $8,100 over the past 24 hours, after it dropped to $7,850 on april 17. the speedy recovery of bitcoin and strong performances of major cryptocurrencies like monero and 0x allowed the market to climb to $334 billion, eyeing a move to $350 billion. bitcoin analysismoving averages and momentum oscillators point toward a neutral zone for bitcoin, which is often an optimistic indicator of short-term growth. the relative strength index (rsi) of bitcoin remains below 55, signifying that bitcoin is neither oversold or overbought by traders in the market. a neutral rsi zone is crucial for bitcoin in the short-term, as oversold conditions demonstrate a bear cycle while overbought conditions imply a drop in value will likely occur. momentum indicators like moving average convergence divergence (macd) are, title=bitcoin rebounds to $8,100 as verge plummets 37% after pump; market nears $350 billion, summary=Bitcoin Price Rebounds to $8,100 as Cryptocurrency Market Climbs To $350 Billion, bleu=0.1589
summarize:monerov’s upcoming hard fork (scheduled for april 30th, 2018) has been the subject of much debate. many question the necessity of the hard fork and the reasons behind it. the monerov team claims to eliminate these current issues facing monero: infinite supply, scalability problems, and centralization. however, many don’t view these as issues and claim that monerov’s launch is nothing more than a speculative money grab and attack on the anonymity of the monero network. monerov claims that monero has an infinite supply due to so-called "tail emissions”. these are fixed-rate mining rewards that will continue after the main supply of monero is mined with a target date of may 2022. while technically true, it is theorized that this slowed supply growth rate will be adequately balanced by lost or burn, title=opinion: is monerov a legitimate hard fork of monero?, summary=Monerov’s upcoming hard fork is a speculative money grab and attack on the anonymity of monero, bleu=0.0766
summarize:ledger wallet users were unable to access bitcoin cash in the past day due to a parser break with the new version of bitcoin-abc, the bitcoin cash node. the company reported on its website it has fixed the problem, and that all systems are currently operational. the company updated users on its website and on reddit and twitter over the past day as it worked to fix the problem. following an outage, we're working on bringing back our bch infrastructure. you can get real time update of the operation at https://t.co/osjvwsixru— ledger (@ledgerhq) april 10, 2018ledger wallets: funds are secureprior to fixing the problem, ledger wallet yesterday advised users that their funds were secure and they could receive transactions. customers were advised that they could use electron cash to access funds in case of an emergency., title=ledger wallet users continue to see bitcoin cash blackout, summary=Bitcoin Cash Users Can't Access Cash in the Past Day Due to a Parser Break, bleu=0.0263
summarize:verge have been hyping the announcement of their new mystery partner for days, with the initial date pushed from yesterday to today, 17 april. after recent controversy over allegations of paid price pumping and issues with the wraith protocol, not everyone in the market reacted well to verge asking for a crowdfund of 75 million xvg which amounted to about $3 million usd at the time in order to release the name of their new partner, leading to speculation that no such partner existed and that verge were simply driving up the price of their coin with publicity and/or pull an exit scam."in line with our mission to empower people to bring blockchain transactions into everyday life, we are thrilled to announce efforts to establish the largest cryptocurrency collaboration to hit the market,” read the crowdfunding statement. "help us accelerate this crowdfunding effort and reach our target goal.”however, verge came through this morning with the announcement, title=world’s biggest porn site pornhub partners verge to accept crypto xvg, summary=Verge Announces $75 Million Crowdfunding Campaign for Mystery Partner, bleu=0.0
summarize:this opinion piece on the may 15 bitcoin cash hard fork was written by alejandro de la torre, vp of business operations at btc.com, the leading digital platform for cryptocurrency users, miners and developers. follow him on twitter @bitentrepreneur. it’s another hard fork day! today, bitcoin cash is creating a new blockchain with 32 mb block size limits and added smart-contract functionality. this is the third hard fork that the bitcoin cash community has undergone in under a year, and declares their undeterred commitment to change whatever necessary to grow their blockchain’s transaction abilities. bitcoin cash strives to provide an inexpensive and fast medium of exchange for everyday payments. a ‘hard’ fork refers to software changes that require the creation of a new blockchain from a previous one, whereas ‘soft’ forks can impute software updates without the creation of, title=op-ed: bitcoin cash hard fork addresses bottlenecks around blocksize limits and enables smart-contract scripting, summary=Bitcoin Cash Hard Fork: New Blockchain Has 32 Mb Block Size Limits, bleu=0.0265
summarize:coinbase, the first cryptocurrency "unicorn,” is launching a venture capital fund to incubate early-stage startups in the burgeoning industry. the san francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange and brokerage firm made the announcement on thursday, stressing that the fund — dubbed coinbase ventures — will invest solely in companies, not cryptoassets."we’re going to invest off our balance sheet into crypto companies,” coinbase president and coo asiff hirji told cnbc’s fast money. "we will invest in companies that are in the space and are aligned with our values.”"by giving them access to capital we hope that they will grow great businesses,” he added. "it’s not about investing in the token, it’s not about trying to line up tokens that we would put on our exchange.”the, title=new protocol: bitcoin cash to hard fork in may 2018, summary=Coinbase Launches Venture Capital Fund to Incubate Crypto Startups, bleu=0.0382
summarize:one of the world’s largest cities may soon have its own cryptocurrency, at least if seoul mayor park won-soon succeeds in his bid to launch "s-coin.”park, who will seek a third term as mayor in the june elections, told coindesk korea that s-coin — as the cryptocurrency is tentatively named — could be used as a payment mechanism in the south korean capital to fund public welfare programs or compensate private contractors."seoul is one of the cities that are leading the fourth industrial revolution,” park said, according to a translation in the korea times. "so it’s natural (for the city) to study and invest in new technologies such as blockchain.”though he did not give further specifics on s-coin, park said that the initiative is a core component of the city’s new, title=‘s-coin’: seoul mayor floats launching cryptocurrency for south korea’s capital city, summary=s-coin could be used to fund public welfare programs or compensate private contractors, mayor says. park: “seoul is one of the cities that are leading the fourth industrial revolution”, bleu=0.0138
summarize:the stellar price (xlm) fell by just over 10% today, indicating a recent bullish trend may not sustain itself. stellar is currently the sixth-largest cryptocurrency with a market cap of $5.131 billion, right behind eos. in the last seven days, it has gained 35% in value against the dollar, according to coinmarketcap. in the recent 24-hour period, however, the stellar price tumbled from $0.308952 to $0.269737. source: coinmarketcap.comtoday’s drop follows a 30% surge to a two-month high of around $0.31 on july 18, a move was preceded by the announcement that xlm is one of five tokens that industry giant coinbase is "exploring” adding to its platform. source: coinmarketcap.comin the past month, the stellar price rose from 0.308952 on june, title=stellar price slides 10 percent as bullish trend hits a snag, summary=xlm Price Drops 10% as Cryptocurrency Market Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0452
summarize:following months of development, smart contracts platform icon is finally gearing up for its formal mainnet launch. first, however, users must migrate approximately $800 million worth of icon (icx) tokens to the nascent network. until now, icx tokens — which were originally distributed through a $43 million initial coin offering (ico) last year — have run on the ethereum network as erc-20 tokens. here, they provided early investors with liquidity but served no functional purpose. now, users must transfer them to icon from ethereum, a process that has long been planned but is nevertheless complicated given the size of icx’s market cap and the prevalence of scammers seeking to spread misinformation and trick users into exposing their private keys. users have until september 25 to execute the token swap through the official iconex wallet, and mainnet tokens will be distributed once, title=icon gears up for $800 million token swap in preparation for mainnet launch, summary=Cryptocurrency Platform Icon Launches Mainnet Token Swap, bleu=0.0
summarize:with all of the attention on the movements in the bitcoin price, now could be the time to get your hands on btc spinoff bitcoin cash, one trader says. brian kelly, founder of investment firm bkcm, tells cnbc the technical signs including a possible breakout are pointing to an opportunity in bitcoin cash (bch). investors apparently taking his advice, with the no. 4 cryptocurrency by market cap trading in the green today alongside other altcoins, up nearly 16% at the time of publication. kelly points to a trio of reasons why bch is attractive at these levels, including the following –he says bch is in the "monty python zone”, where like the movie it may have been "left for dead” and even "mostly dead” but despite being "absolutely crushed” it’s "not, title=price-stable cryptocurrency project ‘basis’ raises $133 million in funding, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, bleu=0.0
summarize:rapidly-expanding fintech unicorn robinhood has added bitcoin cash and litecoin to the growing stable of cryptocurrencies that users can trade on the popular stock trading app. the commission-free stock trading app on thursday announced that it had onboarded its five millionth user, marking yet another milestone for the firm which achieved a $5.6 billion valuation in may at the conclusion of its $363 million series d funding round. in tandem with this milestone, robinhood added full support for bitcoin cash and litecoin to its nascent cryptocurrency trading service, which is currently available in 17 u. s. states and heretofore facilitated bitcoin and ethereum trading. perhaps even more significantly, the firm also announced that it plans to add support for coin transfers, likely confirming reports that the company is building an in-app cryptocurrency wallet. at present, title=robinhood adds bitcoin cash & litecoin trading, will support crypto transfers, summary=robinhood Adds Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin to Stock Trading App, bleu=0.0344
summarize:china, a country that has exerted more control over cryptocurrency than most, continues to move forward in its efforts to introduce a government-controlled cryptocurrency. a group of shanghai reporters recently got a chance to learn about this secretive project during the global blockchain summit forum, sina.com.cn reported. the visit shed light on the extent of the government’s efforts to create a national cryptocurrency. the reporters visited the bank of china credit card industry development co., ltd. hangzhou blockchain technology research institute. standards announcedchina’s ministry of industry and information technology revealed last week that it has already conducted a study exploring a framework for standardizing blockchain technology domestically. the ministry’s information and software services division and the china electronics standardization institute proposed that a new technical committee to be established. the embracive stance toward blockchain technology is in stark contrast to china’s, title=an inside look at china’s government controlled cryptocurrency project, summary=shanghai reporters visit bank of china to learn about government-controlled cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0375
summarize:ethereum client parity has added support for on-chain private transactions in its latest software update, providing developers with the ability to create and deploy encrypted smart contracts. released on tuesday, parity 1.11.1-beta introduces several new features to the software client, which remains popular even though several bugs in parity’s multisig smart contract libraries have given the company a black eye — and have caused users to lose access to hundreds of millions of dollars worth of funds. the most eye-catching feature in the new release is the support for private transactions, which allows developers to encrypt smart contracts. the underlying code is stored in a private contract, which is permissioned and thus not publicly viewable. the private contract is then wrapped in a public contract, enabling authorized users to interact with it on-chain without exposing the private contract’s code. from the release notes:"private, title=ethereum client parity adds support for encrypted smart contracts, summary=Ethereum Client Parity Adds Support for On-Chip Private Transactions, bleu=0.0477
summarize:former film and camera heavyweight kodak has announced the upcoming launch of its own cryptocurrency, dubbed kodakcoin. an initial coin offering (ico) is scheduled to open at the end of january. with an official announcement on tuesday, us-based eastman kodak revealed that kodakcoin will be "a photo-centric cryptocurrency to empower photographers and agencies” to seize greater control of their work’s image rights. kodakcoin will function as a currency and the cryptographic token used to power kodakone, an upcoming blockchain platform that will allow photographers to register archived and new work on an encrypted digital ledger before licensing it within the platform. in essence, photographers can receive payments for selling their work, as well as pay for licensing rights with the cryptocurrency. aside from providing a, title=kodak’s blockchain moment sees new cryptocurrency for photographers, summary=kodak Launches a Cryptocurrency to “Empower Photographers and Agencies”, bleu=0.0
summarize:japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck has confirmed it will commence compensating users impacted by the $530 million nem theft in january, from next week. in an announcement today, tokyo-based exchange operator coincheck said it will begin compensating customers who suffered losses by the end of next week. while details are scarce presently, coincheck chief executive koichiro wada and operations chief yusuke otsuka said more details will be revealed in the coming days, speaking at a press conference today. on january 26th, the executives confirmed widespread rumors of a massive theft of some 526 million nem tokens, worth over $530 million at the time, which is now the biggest cryptocurrency theft ever. while lifting a temporary freeze on fiat withdrawals in february – customers withdrew 40.1 billion jpy, title=coincheck to begin compensating nem hack victims next week, summary=Coincheck to Compensate Users impacted by $530 Million nem theft in january, bleu=0.0367
summarize:make sure you check out last weeks post here, now let’s go over what happened in crypto this week. price watch:bitcoin is up 5% this week after a strong gain of 15% last week. much of the price gain came in a giant green candle when the price hit $9,000 before soaring up to $9,230 and stabilizing around there. the move comes as bitcoin prepares to retest the important $10,0000 level. analysts are extremely bullish with some setting near-term price targets of $11,500. the 5% up move was dwarfed by bitcoin cash’s 20% upward move this week. ethereum is up 7% this week after 2 straight weeks of 30% gains. the move comes as almost all of the high market cap cryptocurrencies have struggled to maintain double-digit gains. many analysts have suggested this is a consolidation pattern and that the prices behavior at the $700 level will decide what, title=massive hacks, vc wars, and governments embrace blockcain: this week in crypto, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS: Technical Analysis for the Week, bleu=0.0252
summarize:make sure you check out the previous edition here, now let’s go over what happened in crypto last week. in addition to our normal weekly crypto update, we’ve gone ahead and launched a new podcast the bitcoin podcast by ccn. check out the latest episode on itunes and be sure to rate and subscribe! price watch:bitcoin rose nearly 7% during the week. the price surged from $6,300 to $6,600 on monday morning, but dropped back down to $6,500 late on tuesday night. the price then surged to almost $6,800 on wednesday (also "independence day” in the us). the price failed to break $7,000 on friday staying around the $6,500 mark before jumping up to $6,800 on sunday. despite the failure to hit critical support levels, analysts have remained bullish. even the bulls seem to be, title=executive poaches, institutional face offs and a custody launch: last week in crypto, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Watch: Bulls Remain Bullish Despite Failure to Break $6,800, bleu=0.0245
summarize:an italian court has seized bitcoin wallets belonging to shuttered cryptocurrency exchange bitgrail as part of the company’s bankruptcy proceedings. bitgrail disclosed that its assets had been seized in a statement dated june 15, explaining that it had turned over the bitcoin wallets on june 5 in response to an order from the tribunal of florence. from the statement:"on june 5, 2018, pursuant to the tribunal of florence orders, the bitcoins contained in the company’s wallets were seized and brought under control of the judicial authorities pending further court decisions in the prebankruptcy proceeding.”as ccn reported, bitgrail has effectively been shut down since february, when founder francisco "the bomber” firano revealed that nearly all of the platform’s nano (xrb) reserves — approximately 17 million xrb,, title=italian court seizes crypto exchange bitgrail’s bitcoin wallets, summary=Bitgrail Seizes Bitcoins as part of its Bankruptcy Proceedings, bleu=0.0
summarize:ethereum classic has announced the success of defusing the "difficulty bomb” that was found in the network code which was set to render mining unprofitable. ethereum classic forked from ethereum in 2016 over a disagreement surrounding the loss of funds following the hack which compromised the dao, a smart-contract funding project. most of the community and original developers opted to fork the chain in order to reverse the transaction and return the lost funds to ethereum users, but others felt that the blockchain should never be altered, causing a rift and ultimately splitting the project into the two versions we have today. ethereum is currently in the early stages of transitioning to a proof-of-stake (pos) consensus algorithm, which does not require mining, and implemented a feature designed to increase the difficulty of mining and receiving awards to incentivize developers to move, title=ethereum classic defuses “difficulty bomb” in hard fork, summary=ethereum Classic Defuses “Difficulty Bomb” in Bitcoin Mining, bleu=0.0657
summarize:vechain, this week’s standout cryptocurrency, on wednesday saw a reversal of fortune when its price tumbled 11.06% in a 24-hour period and its market cap fell to $764.218 million, according to coinmarketcap. the price for the 19th-ranked cryptocurrency dropped from $0.01615 on aug. 21, a monthly high, to $0.012996 on aug. 22. prior to its recent fall, the price had been recovering from $0.00667 on aug. 1. source: coinmarketcapvechain’s 24-hour loss was the largest for the top 100 cryptos, except for 90th-ranked reddcoin, which lost 11.18%. a punishing 24 hoursmost of the top 100 cryptocurrencies lost ground in the last 24 hours. the largest crypto not to lose ground against the dollar was 34th-ranked nano, with a $248., title=vechain loses grasp on recent gains, falls in line with market trends, summary=Vechain Price Drops 11.06% as Market Cap Falles to $764.218 Million, bleu=0.0
summarize:alexis ohanian sr. may have just indirectly pledged his support for stellar lumens. yesterday, the ceo and co-founder of reddit tweeted that r/stellar, the cryptocurrency’s subreddit, is "[definitely] worth subscribing to in 2018.” definitely worth subscribing to in 2018... https://t.co/omgof6dyn0— alexis ohanian sr. (@alexisohanian) january 22, 2018ohanian sr. hasn’t been shy about his interest in cryptocurrencies in the past, and this isn’t the first time that he’s come out with an informal endorsement, either. last june, he tweeted about his interest golem, a blockchain project looking to tackle global supercomput, title=reddit co-founder has stellar lumens on his radar for 2018, summary=Reddit Co-Founder Says r/Stellar is “Would Subscribing to in 2018”, bleu=0.0
summarize:switzerland’s federal government has called for a study into the risks and opportunities of launching the "e-franc”, a proposed state cryptocurrency powered by blockchain technology. the federal council, switzerland’s seven-member executive council that constitutes the federal government, has thrown its support behind a 32-year-old swiss lawmaker cédric wermuth’s call for a formal government study into the possibility of launching a state cryptocurrency. the politician, who is vice president of the social democratic party, has championed the formal proposal at a time when a number of other nations including the likes of china, singapore, canada, israel, england among several others are actively researching the issuance of a state cryptocurrency backed by the central bank. in backing the young politician’s call for the study, the s, title=switzerland government calls for study on state cryptocurrency “e-franc”, summary=swiss Federal Council Calls for Study into State Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0477
summarize:a senior minister from the iranian government has revealed that an ‘experimental model’ of the country’s domestic cryptocurrency project is ready to take off. within days of the country’s central bank banning trading of cryptocurrencies and barring domestic banks from offering services to industry firms, iran’s information and communications technology (ict) minister mohammad azari-jahromi confirmed progress being made with a domestic cryptocurrency project. speaking on saturday, the government official was quoted by state news agency irna as stating in a reuters report:the central bank’s [ban] does not mean the prohibition or restriction of the use of the digital currency in domestic development...last week, a t a joint meeting to review the progress of the [local cryptocurrency] project, it was announced that the experimental model was ready. as reported in february, title=iran state cryptocurrency ‘ready’ for experimentation: ict minister, summary=iran’s ICt Minister: ‘Experimental Model’ of Cryptocurrency Project Ready to Take Off, bleu=0.0309
summarize:last week, i spoke with shipchain ceo john monarch. before the interview, i was really wondering what the company was doing. i usually got my packages without an issue and wasn’t really sure what exactly shoving blockchain into the process would do to improve my experience. it turns out behind every delivery there are price increases, bad handoffs, an insane amount of administrative overhead. if you want to take a listen to the original interview, check out episode 1 of the bitcoin podcast by ccn. the interview starts at 5:31 and continues for the remainder of the episode. i began the interview by asking what problem it was that shipchain was trying to solve. after all, tons of packages are delivered every day with no issues. it turns out that there are a few issues within the logistics industry that cost consumers tons of money but are hidden from them that shipchain solves for. all parties involved have, title=exclusive: podcast interview with shipchain ceo on integrating blockchain, summary=cnn’s john monarch talks to shipchain CEO about the logistics industry. the company is trying to solve a few issues that cost consumers tons of money but are hidden from them, bleu=0.0116
summarize:bitcoin holders who are panicking about its wild recent price swings should wake up and smell the blockchain. crypto is here to stay, says hong kong-based cryptocurrency entrepreneur dave chapman. chapman said bitcoin’s erratic price jumps and the angst surrounding escalating regulatory scrutiny is just par for the course whenever something new comes to market. we’ve been here before, he said. like when the internet first became a thing. or when facebook and twitter first launched."everyone says crypto is so bad, but there’s no difference between this and any other time when people have gone into something (new),” chapman told the south china morning post. "is it new? yes. does it need to mature? yes. will it be regulated? yes.”dave, who previously worked at credit suisse, bear stearns, and h, title=free publicity: venezuela thanks trump’s petro ban for doubling investors, summary=Hong Kong entrepreneur: Cryptocurrency Is Here to Stay, bleu=0.0382
summarize:stronghold, a san francisco-based financial institution that has been developing an asset agnostic payment and trade ecosystem, has launched an asset-backed token on the stellar network, the first venture supported usd anchor for the network. buyers of the coin will deposit u. s. dollars with stronghold’s partner bank, nevada-based prime trust, enabling stronghold to issue the tokens on a 1-to-1 ratio, according to reuters. stronghold also announced a partnership with ibm blockchain to identify stronghold usd uses in blockchain business networks. the goal of this partnership is to test ways for financial institutions and other parties to achieve more efficient, safer and faster transactions. stronghold plans to use the stellar protocol to transact stronghold usd and provide access to liquidity via its exchange services. liquidity mechanismusing an asset-backed token with reserves held in a, title=ibm backs a dollar-pegged stablecoin crypto token on the stellar network, summary=Stronghold Launches Asset-Backed Token on the Star Network, bleu=0.0759
summarize:the indirect centralization of blockchain solutions is a developing trend within that must be dealt with before it overtakes the entire blockchain ecosystem. this development appears like a terrible weed that is threatening the stems of a tender vegetation that holds a lot of promise. new, centralized additions to blockchain technology have the potential to impede mainstream adoption. this includes centralized web api’s providing blockchain access, centralized exchanges, and decentralized applications with central points of failure. middlemen should be eliminatedwhen you consider the calamity that centralized solutions have brought the blockchain ecosystem (think mt. gox, bitfinex, etc.), you can easily see the dire need for blockchain to stay decentralized. adding centralized pieces to the equation is a slippery slope which threatens blockchain at large. the internet should be decentralized. the credit industry should be decentralized. p2p markets should be de, title=japanese exchange coincheck begins jpy refunds for nem hack victims, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Need to Be Decentralized, bleu=0.0
summarize:a popular portuguese tech publication, pplware, recently started investing in cryptocurrency, after asking its readers for feedback on which tokens it should buy. the publication made its move now, as it argues the ecosystem is now more stable than what it was in late 2017, when most cryptocurrencies hit a new all-time high, and subsequently started dropping. pplware, one of the most popular tech-related publications in the country, revealed that it’ll invest in cryptocurrencies on a weekly basis, and started this week’s investments with a €30 ($35.9) budget. it’s planning on sharing its experience with its audience, while helping its readers learn how to invest in cryptocurrencies. in an article announcing its move, it explained its goals (roughly translated):"the objective, of course, will be the investment’s possible profitability, to understand the technologies that support this still largely, title=popular portuguese tech publication starts investing in cryptocurrencies, summary=Portuguese Tech publication pplware to Start Investing in Cryptocurrencies on a Weekly Basis, bleu=0.0367
summarize:zclassic’s price has jumped 22.5% to $98.26 over a 24-hour period today, the date of a scheduled fork, giving it a $335,496,321 market valuation. the cryptocurrency has a circulating supply of 3,414,350 zcl out of a maximum supply of 21 million zcl. source: coinmarketcap.comzclassic has traded 8,826 btc ($93 million) in the last 24 hours, hitting a high above $120 on the day. hard fork plannedjust 44 days ago, bitcoin private’s founder and lead developer, rhett creighton, proposed that the zclassiccoin (zcl) be revitalized by migrating it to become a bitcoin hard fork – "bitcoin private,” according to a reddit post. the bitcoin private, title=zclassic price jumps above $100 on day of scheduled fork, summary=zclassic Price Jumps 22.5% to $98.26 on Day of Bitcoin Private Hard Fork, bleu=0.0372
summarize:kyle samani, a managing partner at cryptocurrency hedge fund multicoin capital, believes the majority of the top cryptocurrencies could be considered securities, given sec director william hinman’s statement on thursday. in a 17-part tweet, samani discussed the guidelines issued by the securities exchange commission (sec) on june 14. hinman, the head of the sec’s division of corporate finance, was responsible for revealing to the public the agency’s stance on cryptocurrencies. hinman clarified a digital asset by itself cannot be considered a security. however, depending on how its creators decide to handle advertising and sales, it can become a security. simply put, tokens which depend on an identifiable person or group to succeed will be considered securities — unlike those assets which are truly decentralized and no single entity can control it. both samani and, title=half of top 10 cryptocurrencies may be securities: crypto hedge fund executive, summary=Cryptocurrency Hedge Fund Partner Says Majority of Top cryptocurrencies Could Be Securities, bleu=0.0371
summarize:pricewaterhousecoopers, better known as pwc, has acquired a small ownership interest in vechain, a china-based cryptocurrency with a market valuation of $2.7 billion, on may 4. vechain x pwcin an official announcement, pwc hong kong and pwc singapore revealed that as a part of a larger strategic partnership, the two subsidiaries of pwc bought an ownership interest in vechain mainly to utilize the internet of things (iot) network of vechain to assist large-scale businesses. according to the pwc hong kong team, the company has entered discussions with the ven team to provide trust-based services on the vechain platform. the statement of the company noted that vechain tokens, also known as ven, are needed to access and perform transactions on the vechain, title=‘big four’ giant pwc invests in chinese crypto startup vechain, summary=pwc Acquires a Small Ownership Interest in vechain to Help Large-Scale Businesses, bleu=0.0446
summarize:the eos blockchain has ground to a halt after an apparent bug in the mainnet software caused the network to pause unexpectedly and indefinitely. according to a post from eos new york published on behalf of the top 21 block producers and standby nodes, the mainnet unexpectedly paused at 9:56 utc, after which block producers initiated a conference call to identify and discuss the issue. at 10:57 utc, standby block producers turned off their nodes and backed up blockchain data to help ensure that no network history would be lost. at 09:56 utc (1 hour ago) we had an alert with transactions frozen on the eos network globally. all the bps are aware. we are all on a call with the other bps to identify and resolve this issue. no timelines yet. #eosio #main, title=breaking: eos blockchain grinds to halt as software bug freezes transactions, summary=eos Blockchain Grounds to a halt after Mainnet Software Bug Causes it to Pause, bleu=0.0374
summarize:new york fed economists michael lee and antoine martin aren’t entirely dismissive of bitcoin, which only seems to make matters worse. in a q&a, which is posted on the new york fed’s website, the economists question bitcoin’s utility, arguing it will never be as easy to use as the current central bank-backed fiat money, pointing to a host of concerns — not the least of which surrounds trust. but they don’t write bitcoin off, seeming instead to applaud the ingenuity while simultaneously dismissing its potential. that the economists decided to pit bitcoin, etc. against fiat money is okay, and spending is certainly a key application of cryptocurrencies. but even brad garlinghouse, chief executive of xrp-fueled cross-border payments startup ripple, isn’t against fiat money. it’, title=weiss cryptocurrency ratings issues fresh alert on tether, summary=Fed Economists Question Bitcoin’s Utility, Say It Will Never Be as Easy as Fiat Money, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuelan president nicholas maduro has called on members of the bolivarian alliance for the peoples of america (alba) to support the petro, venezuela’s state-sponsored cryptocurrency. the alliance–which consists of antigua and barbuda, bolivia, cuba, dominica, ecuador, nicaragua, saint lucia, saint vincent and the grenadines, saint kitts and nevis, granada and venezuela–met last friday in caracas, venezuela’s capital, for an alba political council meeting. in his closing remarks, maduro urged his compatriots to adopt the petro, the colombian news outlet el tiempo originally reported."i put on the table, brother governments of, title=venezuelan president calls on 11 countries to adopt state cryptocurrency petro, summary=venezuelan President Calls on Allies to Support petro, State-Sponsored Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.053
summarize:claims against venture capitalist tim draper and bitcoin suisse in a tezos class action lawsuit have been dismissed. no direct controlaccording to u. s. district judge richard seeborg of the northern district of california, the motions by draper and swiss-based crypto financial services company bitcoin suisse to dismiss them as defendants in the tezos securities litigation case have been granted. in the case of draper the motion has been dismissed with leave to amend while for bitcoin suisse it has been dismissed without leave to amend. per seeborg, the lead plaintiff in the class action lawsuit, arman anvari, failed to argue the "statutory seller” claim against draper and bitcoin suisse plausibly. tim draper on the other hand, is in the clear. pic.twitter.com/acoixd, title=tim draper off the hook [for now] in tezos class action lawsuit, summary=tezos Class Action Sued by Venture Capitalist tim draper and Cryptocurrency Firm Bitcoin suisse Dismissed, bleu=0.0582
summarize:bitcoin cash development team bitcoin abc isn’t backing down from its plan to release a contentious software upgrade in november, despite vows from other development teams and at least one major mining pool to continue using software that is incompatible with the new abc client. on monday, bitcoin abc released version 0.18.0 of its full node bitcoin cash implementation, which is scheduled to be activated following the network’s scheduled november hard fork. included in the update are several contentious features, including canonical transaction ordering and the activation of two new opcodes — op_checkdatasig and op_checkdatasigverify. supporters argue that these features will make bitcoin cash more efficient and extensible, particularly when it comes to implementing a smart contract framework into the bch protocol. however, these proposed changes have been met with strong resistance by others, title=bitcoin abc calls nchain’s bluff, vows to proceed with contentious hard fork upgrade, summary=Bitcoin Cash Development Team Bitcoin Abc Will Release Contentious Software Upgrade in november, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ride-sharing co-founder is already known for disrupting one industry, and now he’s reportedly going after bitcoin, gold and fiat money. garrett camp, who co-founded ride sharing giant uber, is behind a new cryptocurrency dubbed eco, a decentralized global currency protocol, and he’s looking to the world’s top universities to run a verified node network. introducing https://t.co/hojcqhgw5e :) https://t.co/7hsrgehgsf // @eco— garrett camp (@gc) march 1, 2018he chose eco for its connotation of "ecosystem, economics and e-commerce,” according to an article in fortune. eco is in it to win it and is designed to go head-to-head with bitcoin, gold and fiat, title=‘ecocoin’: uber co-founder unveils a new cryptocurrency, summary=uber Co-Founder Garrett Camp is launching a Cryptocurrency dubbed eco, bleu=0.0499
summarize:it’s not every day we get a glimpse into what it takes for a cryptocurrency to get a listing on a major exchange. but today we learn the lengths that ripple, the no. 3 digital coin by market cap, would go to get its xrp coin listed on the leading trading platforms alongside bitcoin and ethereum. according to a report in bloomberg, the cross-border payments startup is willing to pay millions to get xrp listed on the us trading platforms where there’s the most liquidity. the report says that ripple offered "financial incentives” to bitcoin exchanges gemini of winklevoss twins fame as well as coinbase in exchange for a listing. it’s standard procedure to pay for a listing in the equities markets, but not necessarily the loosely unregulated cryptocurrency markets. ripple reportedly offered $1 million cash money to gemini for, title=ripple would pay to play on major us exchanges: report, summary=Ripple Offers $1 Million Cash Money to Bitcoin Exchanges for xrp Listing, bleu=0.0309
summarize:ripple is leading the way as markets take a positive turn after enduring a sharp correction. at the time of writing, market cap data shows ripple’s xrp up 13%, with all of the top ten currencies following with single-digit gains. while the correction has been widely felt, ripple traders, in particular, were in desperate need of some respite from recent falls. ripple is the third largest coin and the second to achieve a $100 billion market cap. despite its rise in price today, it has endured a horrid start to 2018. since reaching an all-time high of $3.66 on january 4th, the controversial currency has declined a massive 65 percent. this drop accompanied the wider market correction that wiped billions of dollars of value from the cryptocurrency market, which has fallen from around $829 billion to $490 billion in two weeks. ripple xrp has had, title=ripple price swells 13%, leading the gains as markets climb up, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Update: Ripple xrp Gains 13% as Markets Take Positive Turn, bleu=0.0629
summarize:cryptocurrency nano leaps ahead in price by 30%. the move places the coin in the top twenty in terms of marketcap with a total valuation of $2.06b, making each nano coin worth at $15 the time of writing. this jump is the latest in a period of huge volatility for the virtual currency, gaining 20% in just one day last week.(image taken from coinmarketcap 27/02/2018)the cause of the volatility is likely the bitgrail event, where over $170m worth of nano was stolen. representing 10% of the total supply of nano the event shook the market heavily. the price of one nano fell a staggering 466%, from highs of $28 to just $6. fear, uncertainty, and doubt led to a loss of confidence in the currency and left investors rushing to sell. the technology behind nano was not responsible for the crisis, however, with developers pointing fingers at the, title=nano price continues to rise with 30% gains, summary=Cryptocurrency Nano Jumps 30% in Price as Bitgrail Stolen $170 Million, bleu=0.0618
summarize:us treasury secretary steven mnuchin is making headlines again, but not for him and his wife louise linton’s james bond-like lifestyle. this time, mnuchin has issued a warning that bitcoin has all the makings of the next ‘swiss bank account,’ expressing concerns that are twofold — bitcoin could be treated as an offshore account for money laundering and the rise of the cryptocurrency places consumers in a position to get hurt. this according to mnuchin’s response to a question about bitcoin at the economic club of washington in recent days accessible on bloomberg. in a question about "what the us government should do about” bitcoin, mnuchin lightened the mood by asking moderator david rubenstein for full disclosure on bitcoin ownership, to which rubenstein responded that he "didn, title=[another] crypto wallet hack sees theft of $400,000 in stellar lumens, summary=treasury Secretary steven mnuchin: Bitcoin Could Be Next ‘Swiss Bank Account’, bleu=0.0
summarize:this week, binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange with a $1.7 billion daily trading volume, has relocated its headquarters to malta, a region that has always been friendly to cryptocurrency businesses and investors. along with its current team, binance has moved its resources over to malta, and has decided to employ more than 200 full-time employees to fully establish the company in the region. for any multi-billion dollar startup like binance, the relocation of headquarters comes with difficulties, especially in regards to finances and regulatory conflicts. but, it seems evident that the pro-blockchain attitude of malta authorities has given binance confidence to relocate its team and business to the region, placing malta at the forefront of cryptocurrency growth. malta, the blockchain islandsilvio schembri, malta’s parliamentary secretary for financial services, digital economy & innovation, stated in an interview with the, title=russian official refutes country’s role in venezuela’s petro crytpocurrency, summary=Binance Moves Headquarters to Malta, Employs 200 Full-Time Employees, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, and bitcoin cash, cryptocurrencies that are considered as reserve assets or safe investments in the highly volatile cryptocurrency market, has recorded large gains over the past 24 hours. bitcoin and litecoin’s major gainsthroughout today, january 6, the value of many alternative cryptocurrencies have declined. cryptocurrencies which had recorded massive gains in the past week such as tron, ripple, and cardano have struggled to recover from their previous corrections, while bitcoin, litecoin, and bitcoin cash have risen by more than 10 percent over the past two days. litecoin in particular, which fell behind stellar as the ninth largest cryptocurrency at a certain point this week, recorded a swift recovery, demonstrating a 20 percent increase in value and obtaining a $16 billion market cap. although litecoin still remains significantly lower than cardano,, title=bitcoin, litecoin, and bitcoin cash record large gains, as altcoins fall, summary=Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, and Bitcoin Cash Record Large Gains Over the Past 24 Hours, bleu=0.0544
summarize:as ccn reported on may 29, the launch of the mainnet of eos was delayed due to a critical bug found by china-based cybersecurity firm qihoo 360. emin gün sirer, a professor at the prestigious cornell university, criticised eos developers for not seeking assistance from consensus protocol experts. even after the mainnet launch, sirer and other cryptocurrency experts including smart contracts pioneer nick szabo condemned eos for its code and centralization issues. sirer said eos problems will get worsein an official report in may, qihoo 360 shared its conversation with eos chief technical officer daniel larimer, disclosing the eos out-of-bound write vulnerability. according to the qihoo 360 team, the vulnerability enables, title=cornell professor and nick szabo criticize eos for bugs and centralization, summary=qihoo 360: eos Out-of-Bundle Write Vulnerabilities Could Delay Mainnet Launch, bleu=0.0375
summarize:huobi, one of china’s former ‘big three’ exchanges, has launched the issuance of its own token while insisting that it isn’t an ico. beijing-based cryptocurrency giant huobi has announced the launch of its own token, dubbed ‘huobi token (ht)’ today. the utility token is based on the ethereum blockchain’s erc-20 standard and will be capped at 500 million tokens. ‘huobi token, short for "ht”, is a token system based on blockchain launching and management,’ huobi explained in a post on its website. details from the announcement reveal 300 million (60%) ht will be available for sale to investors, over a 15-day period. a further 100 million tokens (20%) will be used for platform operations and user rewards whereas the remaining 100, title=huobi launches ethereum-standard token, but it ‘is not an ico’, summary=Beijing-based huobi Launches Own Cryptocurrency Token, bleu=0.0353
summarize:after delays, indian cryptocurrency exchange coinsecure outlined its compensation process for customers impacted by the theft of 438 bitcoins in april, worth approximately $3 million at the time. in an announcement on its website on tuesday, delhi-based cryptocurrency exchange coinsecure revealed it will begin processing customer claims for compensation in rupees, india’s fiat currency. customers who were affected by the early april heist ware required to sign an agreement that, controversially, absolves the exchange operator of any future inabilities and turned in physically to coinsecure’s office before june 30th, 2019."please note that the last date for submitting claims to us along with all appropriate documents is june 30, 2018,” coinsecure wrote, giving its nationwide customers fewer than five working days to submit their claims alongside kyc documents. the exchange added:we will, title=controversial ‘stablecoin’ tether is now the 10th-largest cryptocurrency, summary=Indian Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinsecure Announces Compensation for $3 Million Bitcoin Heist, bleu=0.0
summarize:kim dotcom has embarked on a project to create its own cryptocurrency that will enable direct monetisation by content creators rather than depending on third parties and intermediaries. the digital publishing industry is confronted with the outcry of fraud and poor remuneration for publishers among other vices. the bulk of these problems are blamed on the opaque nature of the industry due its hugely centralized configuration. for an industry where billions of people participate on a daily basis via the internet and the search for content, the existing formation is plagued with a lot of limitations. as a matter of fact, in 2016 adobe estimated the losses in global ad-revenue to be in the region of us $42 billion. these were losses resulting from ad-blocking acts by users for which the us alone accounted for about 45 million. a direct transaction channelthe, title=kim dotcom creates own cryptocurrency aimed at content creators, summary=kim dotcom to Create its Own Cryptocurrency to Enable Direct Monetisation, bleu=0.075
summarize:according to redlock, a boutique tech security consultancy, crypto-jacking is set to become one of the biggest security concerns for enterprise computing worldwide. redlock’s latest research noted a changing security context; one that underpins a changing landscape from data theft to computational power theft. tesla, a redlock client, was reportedly a victim of a serious crypto-jacking incident when poor access hygiene resulted in system access credentials becoming vulnerable to external access. what we knowthe redlock team, working in partnership with tesla, has published a new report on the alarming increase in crypto-jacking and how the security landscape is shifting from data theft to computational power theft. the "crypto-jacking epidemic”, as redlock describes the issue, will have far-reaching consequences for enterprise computingredlock’s cloud security intelligence (csi) team late last year, "found hundreds, title=hackers cryptojack tesla’s cloud to mine monero, summary=‘Crypto-jacking’ to become Biggest Security Concern for Enterprise Computing, bleu=0.0477
summarize:it has emerged that the "unknown person” who notified bitcoin abc developers of a vulnerability in bitcoin cash which would have resulted in the unintended split of the altcoin’s network is actually a bitcoin core (bitcoin’s primary software implementation) developer. in a medium blog post, corey fields revealed that he was responsible for anonymously and privately informing bitcoin abc of the sighash_bug in bitcoin cash on april 25 this year. according to fields, who works for mit media lab’s digital currency initiative, if the vulnerability had been successfully exploited it would have resulted in making bitcoin cash transactions unsafe, thus undermining the fourth-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization. as ccn reported, the flaw was fixed early the following month. bitcoin’s biggest threatin the same post, fields warned that the greatest threat facing, title=bitcoin cash ‘chain-splitting’ bug was detected by bitcoin core dev., summary=‘Unknown Person’ Who notified bitcoin abc of Bitcoin Cash Vulnerability is a Bitcoin Core Developer, bleu=0.0263
summarize:the chairmen of two us regulatory agencies have written a joint statement expressing their concerns over the present state of the cryptocurrency markets. writing in an op-ed published in the wall street journal, securities and exchange commission (sec) chief jay clayton and commodity futures trading commission (cftc) head j. christopher giancarlo expressed their disapproval over the manner in which many market participants in the distributed ledger technology (dlt) space flout regulations and attempt to circumvent rules governing investor protection."[t]oday we are seeing substantial dlt-related market activity that shows little or no regard to our proven regulatory approach. this concerns us,” clayton and giancarlo wrote. "some proponents of cryptocurrencies note that the jurisdiction of the cftc and sec over cryptocurrency transactions is limited and cite the absence of, title=coincheck’s $530 million cryptocurrency hack was inevitable, summary=US Regulators Disapprove of Cryptocurrency Market Activity, bleu=0.0
summarize:a dubai firm, alababacoin foundation et al, has been sued by china’s largest e-commerce company, alababa group holding ltd. using the alibaba trademarked name in conjunction with a cryptocurrency "alibabacoin,” the founders of the alibabacoin set out to raise over $3.5m through their ico, banking (quite literally) on confusion created using the reputation the retail giant has established, and the potential financial gains thereof. at closing on the day of its ipo in september 2014, alibaba had a $231b market value, u. s. now one of the largest and most valuable companies in the world, alibaba reached a market cap of $527b u. s. this past january, making them the second to the chines, title=china’s alibaba sues dubai-based alibabacoin for trademark infringement, summary=alababa sued by China’s Largest E-Commerce Firm for Trademark Misconceptions, bleu=0.042
summarize:dovu, a london, u. k.-based provider of a blockchain-based data marketplace for the transportation industry, recently completed a test with bmw to use erc-20 tokens and blockchain technology track vehicle mileage, according to a dovu article posted on medium. bmw leasing arm supports blockhain pilotbmw invited dovu to participate in its innovation lab, which seeks new and disruptive ideas. the 10-week pilot began jan.15 at the london bmw headquarters. three executives from alphabet, bmw’s leasing and fleet vehicle arm, served as sponsors for dovu: nick brownrigg, chief executive officer, simon carr, chief commercial officer, and leo taylor, head of product management. leasing and finance comprise a large portion of bmw’s profits. every vehicle that returns over its mileage allowance or is damaged undermine, title=bmw blockchain trial uses cryptocurrency tokens to improve mileage tracking, summary=london-based dovu to Track Vehicle Mileage with bmw Blockchain, bleu=0.0507
summarize:cybercriminals are increasingly hijacking other people’s devices to mine monero (xmr), in a trend now called cryptojakcing. according to malwarebytes, a "drive-by” mining campaign recently redirected millions of android users to a website that hijacked their devices to mine the privacy-centric cryptocurrency using coinhive. the campaign worked by redirecting users to a page that told them their device was "showing suspicious surfing behavior.” as such, they needed to verify they were human by solving a captcha, while their device was used to mine monero "in order to recover server costs incurred by bot traffic.”all users had to do was solve the captcha and click a "continue” button. once solved, they would be redirected to google’s home page, which researchers noted was an odd choice. malwarebytes details that, title=monero declares war on asic manufacturers, summary=a “drive-by” mining campaign redirects android users to Google’s home page to mine monero, bleu=0.0284
summarize:the kin ecosystem foundation, creator of the cryptocurrency backed by social media company kik interactive, has selected consumer 40 apps to participate in the inaugural edition of its development incubator. announced on wednesday, the program, which will fund 40 out of the more than 200 projects who submitted applications, will primarily feature new apps, though it also attracted more than a dozen apps that already have a combined active user base that numbers in the millions. that’s also 60 percent more than the 25 projects the foundation had originally planned to accept into the program. the goal of the program is to fund the development of miniature in-app "kin economies,” bootstrapping the adoption of the cryptocurrency that last year raised $98 million through an initial coin offering (ico)."the kin developer program allows us to harness the creativity of the global developer community to achieve our goal of becoming the most used cryptocurrency in the world,” said dany fishel, title=social cryptocurrency kin selects 40 apps for $5 million developer incubator, summary=the kin ecosystem foundation selects 40 apps to participate in its inaugural incubator program, bleu=0.1201
summarize:it’s another day in the red for the cryptocurrency markets, as 97 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies have posted 24-hour declines against the us dollar. the bitcoin price headlined the retreat by declining to an 80-day low, and other top coins fared equally as poorly. altogether, the cryptocurrency market cap declined by $52 billion to $363 billion, representing a single-day pullback of nearly 13 percent. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price falls to 80-day lowthe downturn reduced the bitcoin price by another 12 percent, bringing the most prominent cryptocurrency to an 80-day low. at present, the bitcoin price is valued at just $7,660, which translates into a $130 billion market cap. bitcoin price chartnevertheless, as ccn reported this morning, the impending launch of stock brokerage app robinhood’s cryptocurrency trading platform could breathe new life into the markets,, title=impersonators scam seele ico investors out of $2 million in ethereum, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to 80-Day Low, Top Cryptocurrency Rebounds 13 Percent, bleu=0.0
summarize:the etherbots gaming platform is now the third most popular decentralized application on the ethereum blockchain. the dapp held the number one spot on the charts for much of wednesday. what is it? etherbots is the next digital gaming craze to sweep the cryptosphere. despite the fact that the game has yet to launch, more ethers are being exchanged for etherbots than cryptokitties right now. it’s what’s hot right now. but don’t assume it’s just a craze. etherbots attracts users thanks to the same two basic principles that cryptokitties embraces:scarcitycomplete ownership of digital assetsbeyond creating value and providing true ownership of digital characters, etherbots adds in meaningful gameplay and competition to the mix. bots compete against each other in battles. bots win and lose, title=etherbots transaction volume on the rise, overtakes cryptokitties, summary=etherbots is the next digital gaming craze to sweep the cryptosphere, bleu=0.0446
summarize:popular chat app kik has unveiled plans to deploy its kin tokens on both the ethereum and stellar blockchains, making it one of the first cryptocurrencies to feature bidirectional network support. kik developer gadi srebnik made the announcement in a wednesday blog post, explaining how the company — which raised $98 million through an initial coin offering (ico) last year — will deploy its cryptocurrency on multiple blockchains to enhance liquidity and efficiency within its ecosystem. until now, kin has operated as an erc20 token on the ethereum blockchain. frustrated with the network’s susceptibility to network congestion, kik said last year that it would transfer its tokens to stellar, whose federated consensus model allows for faster, cheaper payments. however, stellar is far less liquid than ethereum, so swapping blockchains would have come with its, title=kik messenger to launch kin token on two blockchains, summary=kik to deploy kin tokens on ethereum and stellar blockchains to improve liquidity and efficiency, bleu=0.0393
summarize:ripple has announced five new customers for its xvia api solution, enhancing these companies’ access to the rapidly expanding global payments market. the companies include fairfx (u. k.), rationalfx (u. k.), exchange 4free (u. k.), unipay (georgia) and moneymatch (malaysia), ripple announced on its website.xvia provides an easy way for financial institutions and businesses to send payments to and from emerging markets using ripplenet, ripple’s decentralized global payments network. enabling faster global paymentsby offering a standard api solution, xvia enables companies looking to send payments — such as digital wallets, payment providers and others — to quickly scale their businesses, differentiate their services and address customers’ needs. businesses and individuals that rely on these services can send payments faster and cheaper.xvia provides a vehicle for numerous, title=5 payment firms adopt ripple’s xvia api solution, summary=Ripple Announces Five New Customers for xvia api Solution, bleu=0.0954
summarize:the historic summit between us president donald trump and north korean supreme leader kim jong-un just on its own is a multifaceted historic event with plenty to keep the media busy. and yet, somehow we find ourselves with yet more angles to the events in singapore, with former nba star player dennis rodman doing the work of attaching another topic that is a favorite of the media, cryptocurrency. dennis rodman was seen in singapore sporting a maga hat, a red baseball cap with president trump’s election campaign slogan "make america great again”. rodman is not at the summit in any official capacity, invited by neither the us nor the north korean delegations. instead, he came to provide "moral support”, and his presence was paid for and sponsored by potcoin. potcoin is a token that seek, title=potcoin sponsors dennis rodman’s singapore visit during summit talks, summary=former nba star dennis rodman attends trump-North korean Crypto Summit in singapore, bleu=0.0403
summarize:we’ve written in the past about the various methods companies in the united states can go about raising money via an ico/token offering. one of the main methods we mentioned was the use of regulation a+, something traditionally utilized by smaller companies to ipo that’s been embraced by cryptocurrency companies in the u. s. the problem is as ipo’s have gotten bigger, the cap set up by regulation a+, $50 million, has severely limited the number of companies which can actually raise under it. it’s also made it harder for smaller companies to ipo in the current economic atmosphere of long-term bullishness and constant inflation. this is why the u. s. house of representatives passed the "regulation a+ improvement act” which allows for a 50% increase in the cap under which companies can do a securities offering while still being governed under rega, title=quantum-safe cryptocurrency: challenges for the future, summary=u.s. House of Representatives Increases $50 Million Cap for ICO/Token Offerings, bleu=0.0229
summarize:it’s a truth universally acknowledged that one should never expose their private keys to another individual or an untrusted piece of software. however, one eos backer is putting that worldview to the test. on friday, anonymous steemit user "eosinsider” levied a challenge to the nascent cryptocurrency’s critics: here’s my private key — steal my funds. the private key — 5k5v1my4ipbvt1vz8rdx89jvdmjxosmrqkgouxcfyavck69qnu2 — belongs to an account aptly named "yostealmyeos,” which is currently holding 5 eos, hours after it was first published online. while noting that this challenge is an experiment with low stake, title=eos user posts private key online, dares critics to steal funds, summary=a steemit user challenges eos critics to steal their private keys, bleu=0.1515
summarize:like many of the sec’s closed-door deliberations on cryptocurrency regulations, especially as they relate to the "howey test” for icos, finra’s notice leaves much to be desired on the future plans of the body for protecting investors. about finrafinra is a non-government regulatory body, structured as a non-profit, which was approved by congress for protecting individual investors. its mission is similiar to the sec’s, but it works much more granuaarlly with guidelines for investment firms and broker-dealers. the guidelines for the financial industry are meant to protect and inform investors. cryptocurrency has been "a keen interest” for finra. finra has clear regulations for alternative trading systems (ats) on the books, and it seems that the group views cryptocurrency trading/investing as a quasi-ats. as has been the complication, title=malta-based crypto firm stasis launch euro-pegged stable cryptocurrency, summary=Finra’s Notice to Investors Leaves Much to Be Worried About, bleu=0.0
summarize:litecoin, according to a new report published by recorded future, is now the second most popular cryptocurrency token on the dark web. the report undertook a longitudinal analysis of digital communications avenues available to users on the dark web and found that nearly 30 percent of dark web vendors accept litecoin. report findingswhilst bitcoin remains supreme, recorded future undertook a longitudinal analysis of dark web communication portals – like message boards, marketplaces etc. – to help understand the structural apparatus for cryptocurrency payments within this ecosystem. the authors found that 30 percent of the dark web evaluated by the report accepted litecoin. the report also noted that one in five dark web platforms accept dash. however, bitcoin’s dominance was still ever-present. the report noted:"bitcoin remains the gold standard in the dark web, with all vendors accepting it as a payment, and litecoin emerged as the, title=report: litecoin gains popularity on the dark web, summary=Report: Litecoin is Second Most Popular Cryptocurrency on the Dark Web, bleu=0.075
summarize:in my previous article "cboe completes upgrade, other crypto futures coming?", i speculated that now that the cboe had finished it’s latency reduction upgrades it would begin to introduce more currencies. this prediction seems to have at least partially shown some validity with statements coming out of the cboe risk management conference on friday which featured a fireside chat with gemini founders tyler and cameron winklevoss. in the fireside chat, cameron and tyler said that the cboe is interested in expanding to more cryptocurrencies. the only reason they haven’t yet is actually gemini’s lack of support for coins other than bitcoin and ethereum. this is significant because it means that cboe fully intends to issue futures on other cryptocurrencies. the hold-up, it would appear,, title=winklevoss twins hint at gemini support for litecoin, bitcoin cash; big implications for cboe futures?, summary=cboe to Issue Futures on Other Cryptocurrencies: tyler, winklevoss, bleu=0.0261
summarize:the litecoin price leaped by nearly 30 percent on tuesday in response to the announcement that payment processing startup litepay would officially launch in less than two weeks. the rally enabled ltc/usd to crack the $200 barrier, and it raised ltc/btc to its highest value in nearly three years. litecoin price leaps to $200litecoin is currently priced at $197 on bitfinex, although premiums on other exchanges have hoisted its global average just above the $200 mark. litecoin now has an $11.1 billion market cap, lifting it to fifth in the rankings. ltc price chartsignificantly, although litecoin is still trading well below the peak usd value it set in mid-december, ltc/btc is trading at.0227 btc, its highest point, title=$200: litecoin price leaps 25% ahead of litepay launch, summary=Litecoin Price Leaps to $200 as litepay Launches in less than 2 Weeks, bleu=0.0629
summarize:japanese cryptocurrency exchange coincheck will delist trading pairs for privacy-centric cryptocurrencies monero (xmr), zcash (zec), and dash (dash) next month. the tokyo-based exchange, which was purchased by brokerage firm monex following a high-profile january hack that saw the platform lose $530 million in nem tokens (xem), announced on friday that it will no longer facilitate trading for these cryptocurrencies, which provide their users with the ability to make transactions that are less traceable than those made with bitcoin and most other blockchain-based coins. coincheck said that it came to the decision to cease support for these cryptocurrencies following a "drastic review” of its internal control system and as part of a new "management strategy that thoroughly protects customers.” it is "not appropriate,” the firm said, to deal with these currencies,, title=coincheck to delist privacy coins monero, zcash, and dash, summary=Coincheck to Delist Trading Pairs for Privacy-Centric Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.038
summarize:the government of australia has allocated aud $700,000 (approx. $520,000) from its federal budget to its digital transformation agency to research blockchain applications in government services. announced as a part of its 2018-19 federal budget, the government will use the funds from the agency’s existing resources over the next four years. an excerpt from the budget document reads:the government will provide $0.7 million in 2018-19 for the digital transformation agency to investigate areas where blockchain technology could offer the most value for government services. launched in 2015 as a part of the australian government’s wider digitization agenda, the agency was initially set up to engage government agencies and help them undergo digital transformation. ‘we now have wide-ranging responsibilities to help lead transformation across government and have central oversight of the government’s ict agenda,’ the agency added, insisting that its role has grown since its founding days. the budgeting follows a marked recommendation by, title=cryptojacking attack hits hundreds of websites to mine monero, summary=Australian Government to Use $520,000 to Research Blockchain in Government Services, bleu=0.0339
summarize:several traders at popular cryptocurrency exchange binance are reporting that the platform executed unauthorized orders through their accounts, triggering a 400 percent pump for lesser-known altcoin viacoin. on wednesday, binance users began flooding the exchange’s reddit page with reports that their accounts had executed unauthorized buy and sell orders."wtf is happening!,” one exasperated user wrote. " binance just sold all my alts at market rate and i have got just the bitcoin now. is it because of account getting hacked or binance bot issue?”"everything was cleaned out from my account. now even bitcoin is gone. it was used to buy some random via coin. all value gone,” the user added soon after."same here! buy order executed viacoin at horrendous prices,” another user replied. indeed, binance exchange data indicates that a 32, title=venezuela to auction petro via its dicom foreign exchange platform, summary=Binance Users Report Unauthorized Buy and Sell Orders on Reddit, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency advocate roger ver, often referred to as bitcoin jesus is having a tough time with the adoption of bitcoin cash (bch). in a report published on bloomberg, blockchain analytics firm chainalysis says the bitcoin fork is barely being used in commerce. bitcoin cash was forked from bitcoin over a year ago. at the time, ver had converted his holdings into bitcoin cash, telling everyone who cared to listen that he had switched allegiance to bch. he even overhauled his bitcoin.com website, to focus on the cryptocurrency. in a review conducted by the firm on the world’s 17 largest crypto merchant processing services such as bitpay and coinfy, they found a reduction in bitcoin cash payments from $10.5 million in march 2018 to $3.7 million in may. bitcoin payments also slumped from a peak of $412 million in september 2017, title=commercial use of bitcoin cash payments has dropped: analytics firm, summary=Cryptocurrency advocate roger ver is having a Hard Time with Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0
summarize:bunz, a canadian online bartering community, launched its own cryptocurrency on april 9, triggering backlash from critics who say the move goes against the company’s ethos of promoting a cash-free economy. bunz announced the roll-out of its btz cryptocurrency in a press release, saying it has partnered with more than 100 local food, beverage, and retail stores to accept btz in exchange for food, coffee, beer, clothing, beauty services, and other goods. bunz’s 200,000 members will each automatically get 1,000 units of btz (equal to about $10). "i went into a coffee shop today and bought a cup of coffee for 300 btz,” bunz ceo sascha mojtahedi told vice. social media backlashbunz, which was founded in 2013 as a facebook, title=canadian bartering hub bunz launches cryptocurrency amid heavy backlash, summary=Canadian Bartering Community Bunz Launches Own Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:the marshall islands is set to release its own cryptocurrency called the sovereign after the parliament voted to approve an official cryptocurrency as legal tender, a move that could end its reliance on the us dollar as its official currency. the republic of marshall islands (rmi), a chain of 1,156 volcanic islands and islets in the pacific with a population of over 70,000, could see a cryptocurrency as legal tender as early as this year. speaking to bloomberg, senator and speaker of parliament kenneth kedi revealed members voted to pivot away from its current fiat currently – the us dollar, toward an official local cryptocurrency. the government will name the cryptocurrency as the ‘sovereign’ and will arrange an initial coin offering to raise financing toward enriching local budgets. further, cryptocurrency exchanges will be encouraged to apply to list and trade the sovereign, revealed david paul, minister-in-assi, title=no more usd? marshall islands approves official ‘sovereign’ cryptocurrency in 2018 with ico, summary=the republic of marshall Islands to Release its Own Cryptocurrency – the ‘Sovereign’, bleu=0.0286
summarize:a turkish lawmaker affiliated with the political party partnering the country’s ruling party has proposed a national cryptocurrency. on bitcoin, the politician suggested the government open its own bitcoin exchange(!). turkey’s former industry minister and deputy chair of the nationalist movement party (mhp), ahmet kenan tanrikulu, has reportedly drafted a ‘detailed report’ calling for the issuance of a state-controlled cryptocurrency. a "national bitcoin”, the al monitor reports, called "turkcoin.”the politician said missing out on decentralized blockchain technology would mean a grave error on the government’s part, stating:"the world is advancing toward a new digital system. turkey should create its own digital system and currency before it’s too late.”details remain scarce as the 22-page draft has not seen a public release but the news, title=‘turkcoin’: turkish politician endorses launching a national cryptocurrency, summary=Turkish Lawmaker Drafts ‘Detailed Report’ for National Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:the development team behind blockchain project stellar has revealed that they intend to launch a mainnet implementation of the lightning network (ln) by the end of the year. on monday, the stellar team released the technical specifications and roadmap for its implementation of the lightning network, a technological upgrade that allows cryptocurrency networks to increase speed and efficiency by moving payments "off-chain” into second-layer payment channels. stellar’s developers claim that its ln implementation could prove to be even more robust than those created for bitcoin and other similar coins, allowing users to complete "any operation you can execute on the stellar network (such as not only payments, but also creating, deleting, or changing permissions on accounts)...within a payment channel.”from the post:"stellar’s state channel implementation relies on the fact that every stellar transaction specifies a source account and a sequence number. we’ve figured out how, title=stellar preps lightning network implementation for december release, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar: Blockchain Project Started to Launch Lightning Network, bleu=0.0
summarize:greg medcraft, director of the directorate for financial and enterprise affairs of the oecd, recently revealed that he believes we need an "international discussion on cryptocurrencies,” and that blockchain technology will propel the "next revolution.”during an interview on the sidelines of g20 with brazilian news outlet criptomoedas fácil, medcraft revealed that there are several issues in the cryptocurrency space that need to be addressed. one of these issues, presumably referring to initial coin offerings (icos) is the lack of certainty when it comes to regulations in place, for both token issuers and investors. since cryptocurrencies are global, he argued, global coordination is needed to tackle regulations in the crypto sphere. another issue is risk. the oecd director mentioned money laundering, which he says needs to be addressed through coordination. he also noted that investor, title=‘we need an international discussion on cryptocurrencies’: oecd’s medcraft, summary=oecd Director: Cryptocurrency Regulation Needs Global Coordination, bleu=0.043
summarize:brave, the web browser from javascript creator and mozilla co-founder brendan eich, is taking an important step toward its goal of using blockchain technology to address what many people believe to be one of the chief problems of the internet: advertising. in a statement published tuesday, brave announced that it will begin an early access program that rewards users for opting-in to device-based ads that don’t track or expose user data to third parties. the browser, which has more than 2.7 million active monthly users across all devices, blocks ads by default. when fully deployed, users will receive 70 percent of the gross ad revenue, which will be paid out through the ethereum-based basic attention token (bat) and automatically converted to local currency through uphold. bat was initially distributed through an initial coin offering (ico), and users had previously been able to use it to tip verified publishers, title=web browser brave to trial crypto payments for opt-in ads, summary=Brave Launches Early Access Program to Reward Users for Opting-In to Ads, bleu=0.0403
summarize:"consensus by conference call” — that’s how one critic characterized the on-chain governance model employed by the nascent eos network in the wake of several high profile incidents involving block producers. most recently, the network’s 21 block producers — organizations who verify transactions and validate blocks — froze seven eos accounts allegedly belonging to thieves who had stolen funds by scamming users through phishing scams or other attacks. this action occurred on june 17. while controversial in its own right — many compared it unfavorably to ethereum’s decision to hard fork over the dao hack in 2016 — the action was also apparently executed in violation of the eos constitution, which delegates such on-chain governance decisions to an arbitration body. from article ix:"all disputes arising out of or in connection with, title=eos faces constitutional crisis over frozen accounts, summary=eos Block Producers Frozen 7 accounts allegedly belonging to thieves, bleu=0.0499
summarize:computing giant ibm has announced that it has signed a partnership with environmental fintech startup veridium labs to issue a cryptocurrency token on the stellar blockchain. the initiative, unveiled on tuesday, will see ibm and veridium tokenize carbon credits, enabling pollution-heavy companies to offset the damage their operations cause to the environment. proceeds from selling the "verde” token will be used to reforest a 250-square mile patch of rainforest on the island of borneo in indonesia. third-party carbon credits have existed for some time, but they’re difficult to value and hold on a traditional balance sheet. the verde token, in contrast, is fungible and can be redeemed and traded on the public stellar network, removing friction and opacity from the carbon credit supply chain."for years, we’, title=ibm to issue cryptocurrency token on public stellar blockchain, summary=ibm, Veridium Tokenize Carbon Credits to Reforest indonesia, bleu=0.0567
summarize:according to kevin rooke, a cryptocurrency researcher, ethereum and eos currently have a combined eight decentralized applications (dapps) with more than 300 active users. yet, both blockchain networks have multi-billion dollar market valuations with ethereum at $28 billion and eos at $4.6 billion. are current dapp usage rates not important? last year, coinbase co-founder and former goldman sachs trader fred ehrsam stated that ethereum would need to scale by 100-fold in order to handle large-scale dapps on its network with millions of active users. for instance, visa has around 880 million credit cards in circulation and a few hundred million active users worldwide, and to handle the daily transaction volume, the visa network has to process tens of thousands of transactions per second. in, title=ethereum and eos only have 8 dapps combined with 300+ active users, summary=Ethereum, eos, Visa, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens: Dapp Use Rates Aren’t Important, bleu=0.0215
summarize:distributed computing is a concept which denotes the practice of utilising an interconnected network of systems to provide their combined power to remote users – but how is blockchain revolutionising this concept in 2018? centralised distributed computingaccording to statista: the present market leaders in the so-called ‘public cloud software as a service (saas)’ market in 2017 were comprised entirely of centralised competitors. microsoft and salesforce led the pack at 18% and 11.5% market share respectively. adobe was the closest runner up at 6.7%, before a pack of providers falling within the 4% range: including oracle, sap, and google. the most notable applications of these centralised service providers use distributed cloud computing to provide benefits and services such as: remote storage of data and servers, access to processing power to organisations and private users with particularly high processing requirements, such as universities and laboratories, title=the state of distributed computing in cryptocurrency, summary=adobe, oracle, sap, Google, microsoft, Amazon, and others use distributed computing in 2018, bleu=0.0754
summarize:the "central bank of central banks” recently released a 24-page report taking a hard stance against the cryptocurrency movement and the mainstream application of the technology. the bank for international settlements (bis) "fosters international monetary and financial cooperation and serves as a bank for central banks,” and presumably the recent crypto-doomsday report was carried out by well-informed experts in the banking sector. despite the promising adoptive measures we’ve seen throughout the crypto-ecosystem in recent months, the report suggests that permissionless cryptocurrencies simply have no use case as a monetary instrument. we’ve covered the report in this article which summarizes the findings of the report nicely. what i’d like to discuss is the bank’s motive. is it skeptical to believe that the bis is pushing their agenda above the facts with this report? is it naive to believe that cryptocurrency can really threaten banks, title=bitcoin price drop, hacks, and fec regulations: this week in crypto, summary=Cryptocurrency is a Threat to Banks, but it’s Not A monetary Instrument, bleu=0.0286
summarize:make sure you check out last weeks post here, now let’s go over what happened in crypto this week. price watch:bitcoin is down 20% this week completely retracing the past week’s gains. despite periodic gains this week, the market still finished down significantly from last week posting another double-digit loss. this has been attributed to everything from child porn to market manipulation but the most compelling reason suggested so far has been the futures markets. in any case the bulls are still recommending everyone hodl on. bitcoin cash is also down 30% this week despite bitpay’s adoption of the technology. ethereum is down 27% this week in yet another of a long series of price drops from it’s high of almost $1,500. this follows the trend we’ve seen over the past few weeks of correlated movements between the two currencies. some have pointed to this correlation as a sign, title=ethereum drama, more bans and lawsuits: this week in crypto, summary=Cryptocurrency Price Watch: ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens Down 20% This Week, bleu=0.0283
summarize:at the liechtenstein cryptoassets exchange (lcx), binance ceo changpeng zhao told techcrunch founder michael arrington that 90 percent of the exchange’s employees receive their salaries in bnb."just one of the interesting things @cz_binance told me this week at lcx event: 90% of binance employees choose to receive their salary in bnb tokens. smart people,” arrington said on twitter. setting an examplebnb, also known as binance coin, is the native token of binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange. binance released bnb in 2017 to garner enough funds to finance the operations and development of the exchange and in return, the company has been buying back bnb with profits generated by the business. just one of the interesting things @cz_binance told me, title=90% of employees at major crypto exchange binance receive salary in bnb, summary=90% of Binance Employees Receive Their Salary in Bnb, Says CEO, bleu=0.1236
summarize:last month, as ccn reported, slovenia-based cryptocurrency mining marketplace nicehash was successfully breached, resulting in the theft of roughly 4,700 bitcoins, worth about $65 million. at the time users noticed the marketplace’s website had gone offline for an abnormally large period of time before the company revealed what had happened. later on, the company’s website came back, and in a letter sent to users the company revealed it would be giving users their money back. according to nicehash, it will only be possible to restore the funds thanks to a "group of international investors.”shortly after the attack was public, the company’s ceo marko kobal, along with co-founder sasa coh, addressed user concerns through a facebook livestream. in it they stated the company’s success made it a target, and added that someone "re, title=hacker hits reddit’s automated email service, robs users of bitcoin cash tips, summary=slovenian Cryptocurrency Mining Marketplace Nicehash Takes $65 Million from Users, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets appear to be in recovery mode on monday after a rather torrid week where most coins reached 2018 lows. chief of the pack was eos which sees an 8% rise to trade at well over the $7.30 level after having dropped as low as $6.50 last week. however, the increases were not limited to eos since other currencies also registered impressive increases. stellar lumens pushed forward and easily sailed over the $20 mark in the past 24 hours to settle at the $0.22 level at press time on monday. cardano was also up by around 5% to trade at the $0.145 level, also showing considerable momentum after having dropped to below the $0.13 level only a couple of days ago. bitcoin also recovered, although at a slower momentum than other currencies. the price was at around $6350 on binance at press time on monday, a 3% increase after, title=cryptocurrency markets gear into recovery mode as eos rises 8%, summary=eos, cardano, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Markets in Recovery Mode, bleu=0.0215
summarize:litecoin creator charlie lee and the litecoin foundation have each apologized for failing to conduct due diligence on ltc-based payment processing startup litepay, which has sparked allegations of conducting an exit scam due to its abrupt closure. as ccn reported, the litecoin price had surged in mid-february on news that litepay — which purported to offer both merchant services and an ltc-funded debit card — would launch later in the month. however, that launch never came, and in a statement dated march 26, the litecoin foundation revealed that litepay ceo kenneth asare had informed them that he had ceased all operations and intended to sell the company, an announcement that came less than two weeks after asare held a much-lampooned reddit ama in which he, title=‘we got too excited’: charlie lee, litecoin foundation apologize after litepay vanishes, summary=litecoin creator charlie lee apologizes for ltc-based payment processing startup Litepay, bleu=0.0632
summarize:when bitmain announced last year that it was throwing its weight behind bitcoin cash ahead of the latter’s decision to pursue a divorce from the main btc network due to irreconcilable differences over blockchain scaling, the cryptocurrency mining giant put its money where ceo jihan wu’s mouth was. leaked documents from bitmain’s pre-ipo investor deck show that, as of march 31, the china-based firm was holding more than 1 million bitcoin cash (bch) on its balance sheet, worth nearly $600 million at the present exchange rate — but down nearly $300 million from when the data in the investor deck was published. source: leaked bitmain investor deckperhaps more significantly, that stake represents more than 5 percent of the 17.3 million bch currently in circulation and 12.5 percent of the 8.4 million bch that have been moved since the aug. 2017 hard fork., title=bitmain is hodling nearly $600 million in bitcoin cash, summary=Bitmain Holds $600 Million in Bitcoin Cash, Down Nearly $300 Million from 2017 Hard Fork, bleu=0.0475
summarize:tax season is ramping up in the united states and uncle sam is looking to get his cut from the cryptocurrency pie; that is a slice of your profits. last year was hot for bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, and most all altcoins. with amazing percentage gains across the board, there were many investors who took profits. now, uncle sam is looking for his cut, but despite the major tax reform put in place for 2018 by the current u. s. administration, not much has been done to clear up the gray area on the taxation of cryptocurrencies. old laws on the booksthe latest tax information regarding cryptocurrencies was published by the irs in 2014 and states that "virtual currency that has an equivalent value in real currency, or that acts as a substitute for real currency, is referred to as ‘convertible’ virtual currency.” furthermore,, title=malware hijacks millions of android devices to mine monero, summary=Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ether, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: Tax Update, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuela is reportedly looking to lunch a central bank for cryptocurrencies, as the country’s national constituent assembly is preparing to reform the venezuelan constitution to include it, along with a court above its supreme court. according to reuters, information on the development was provided by hermann escarrá, which the outlet describes as "one of the most influential members of the assembly that prepares the changes to the 1999 constitution.”a draft of the changes to the country’s constitution is set to be presented in 35 days to the board of the constituent assembly. per reuters most of what will change is still unknown as high-ranking government officials have only generally addressed the move. escarrá revealed, however, a central bank for cryptos is coming. he was quoted as saying:"there will be the central bank with its functions in exchange, monetary and financial, title=venezuela looking to launch a central bank for cryptocurrencies, summary=venezuela is reportedly looking to lunch a Central Bank for Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0943
summarize:controversial cryptocurrency company tether has "printed” $415 million worth of new tokens in august, vaulting the so-called "stablecoin” into the eighth position in the market cap rankings. tether market cap hits all-time highccn reported last week that tether had already issued close to $200 million worth of usdt in august, and the firm kept the virtual printing presses running in the days that followed. the firm even issued 20 million usdt on saturday, bringing the cumulative monthly total to $415 million at the time of writing. source: coinmarketcaptether now has a market cap of $2.7 billion, which marks a new all-time high and makes usdt the eighth-most valuable cryptocurrency. the token also boasts more trading volume than any other cryptocurrency, except for bitcoin. over the past 24 hours, nearly $2.6 billion worth of us, title=tether’s printing press has churned out $415 million in august, summary=tether “Prints” $415 Million of New Tokens in August, vaulting it into eighth position in market cap, bleu=0.0448
summarize:venezuela will open a youth bank funded by the government’s state-backed petro cryptocurrency, the country’s president said on thursday. nicolas maduro announced the initiative during a youth rally held in the state of aragua, and regional news outlet telesur reports that he committed to funding the project with 20 million units of its recently-launched petro currency, which he says are collectively worth $1.2 billion. maduro provided few other details about the youth bank, other than that it will support "productive initiatives” for younger venezuelans. as ccn reported, venezuela launched the petro in february through a much-derided initial coin offering (ico). maduro claimed that the token — which runs on the nem blockchain and is allegedly backed by barrels, title=venezuela to launch petro-funded youth bank, maduro claims, summary=venezuela to Open a Youth Bank Funded by State-Backed Petro, bleu=0.0839
summarize:bitcoin cash, the fourth-largest cryptocurrency, took another step into the big leagues on friday when a european derivatives trading platform launched the first regulated, usd-denominated bitcoin cash futures. this product, which began trading on the u. k.-based crypto facilities on friday at 4 p.m. local time, allows investors to bet on the future price movements of bitcoin cash, as well as hedge risk in their overall cryptocurrency portfolios."we are pleased to be expanding our cryptocurrency derivatives offering with the launch of bitcoin cash futures,” said crypto facilities ceo timo schlaefer in a statement. "bch is a top five coin with a market capitalisation of around $10 billion and we expect our new contracts to spur the evolution of the crypto markets by bringing greater liquidity and transparency to the digital asset class.”"this is another example of, title=u.k. exchange crypto facilities launches bitcoin cash futures, summary=Bitcoin Cash Futures Launches on European Cryptocurrency Trading Platform, bleu=0.0
summarize:circle invest, the blockchain start-up application, has added montero to the list of digital assets available on its platform, the firm said in a blog post on monday. montero becomes the second privacy focused coin it has added in a row. in april circle invest introduced zcash onto its platform saying traders and users were now able to undertake purchases and investments in the coin."you will now be able to enjoy instant purchases, no minimums and a seamless investing experience on zcash and our five existing crypto assets,” the blockchain company said at the time. the other coins available on the circle invest application include etherium, bitcoin, bitcoin cash, litecoin, and ethereum classic. on monday, circle invest senior project manager, rachel mayer, said in a blog post that the company had continued to grow its coin collection as it was now also, title=monero now available on circle invest crypto app, summary=Circle Adds Montero to List of Crypto Assets Available on Platform, bleu=0.0375
summarize:an ethereum developer has opened an ethereum improvement proposal (eip) to discuss whether the community should modify its ethash mining algorithm to maintain asic resistance. eip 958, posted on github by ethereum core developer piper merriam, formally proposes that improved asic resistance be implemented into the network’s instance of ethash, a proof-of-work (pow) consensus algorithm."i believe it is the accepted wisdom that asic based mining leads to increases [in] centralization when compared to gpu mining,” merriam wrote. the eip is a direct response to reports that bitmain — by far the largest manufacturer of mining rigs that use application specific integrated circuit (asic) chips — has developed an ethash asic miner and will begin shipping them within, title=bitpay merchants can now accept bitcoin cash payments, summary=Ethereum Developer Opens ethash Improvement Proposal to Maintain Asic Resistance, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has recorded strong gains once again over the past 24 hours, as the valuation of the market broke the $440 billion, moving one step closer to the $0.5 trillion region. bitcoin, ethereum, cardano, bitcoin cash, and other major cryptocurrencies demonstrated large short-term gains. ethereum leads marketthe price of ether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum blockchain network, has surged 7 percent on may 3, experiencing several buy spikes over the last 12 hours. the strong performance of ether led to big gains, as wanchain, golem, and ontology demonstrated daily gains in the range of 10 percent to 50 percent. triggered by the listing of bithumb, the biggest cryptocurrency exchange in the south korean market, the price of golem (gnt) increased by more than 50 percent against the us dollar and 47 percent against bitcoin, which recorded an, title=major cryptocurrencies record strong gains, ethereum price up 7%, bitcoin at $9,300, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Cardano, and Other Major Cryptocurrencies Record Strong Gains, bleu=0.0292
summarize:hedera hashgraph, a u. s. based distributed public ledger that plans to offer a cryptocurrency, a file storage service and a smart contract platform, has raised $100 million from institutional and has announced a valuation of $6 billion. the company announced on twitter that it is currently offering tokens at $0.12, the same amount that investors – including institutional investors, employees and management – paid in its recent funding round. the price offering reflects a $600 million valuation as a 10% first-year circulating supply. a company source noted in response to a tweeted question that the source code will be open review, but not open distribution. the distribution will be limited to ensure stability and prevent forking. the platform plans to launch its network in the next month and provide early access to certain partners. crowdsale targets $20 millionthe current crowdsale hopes to raise $20 million, the company, title=hedera hashgraph raises $100 million, claims $6 billion valuation, summary=Hedera Hashgraph Raises $100 Million from Institutional Investors and Valuations $6 Billion, bleu=0.0803
summarize:the banking arm of the mitsubishi ufj financial group’s (mufg), the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, is reportedly planning to trial its in-house cryptocurrency in 2019 following years of development. as japan’s largest bank, mufg could become the world’s first major financial institution to deploy its own cryptocurrency after a local report by japanese publication nhk confirmed plans toward a sweeping trial involving as many as 100,000 mufg retail bank customers. account holders will have to apply to take part in the trial which will enable participants to install a smartphone app which converts their fiat yen deposits in their bank accounts to units of ‘mufg coin’. the conversation rate of one unit mufg coin will be equivalent to one yen.‘they will be able to use the currency to, title=japan’s biggest bank to carry large-scale trial of cryptocurrency ‘mufg coin’, summary=the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj is planning to trial its own cryptocurrency in 2019, bleu=0.0425
summarize:the eos mainnet launch has stalled, as fewer than one-third of the tokens required to activate the platform have been staked by their owners. the mainnet technically launched on june 10 — more than a week after block.one released version 1.0 of the eosio software — but the platform cannot be fully activated until 150 million eos tokens — 15 percent of the total token supply — vote to elect the network’s 21 "block producers,” who will more or less fulfill the role that miners play in proof-of-work (pow) networks like bitcoin. according to data from block producer candidate eos authority, just 4.8 percent of tokens — or 32 percent of the necessary tokens — had voted as of the time of writing, and no one knows when the other 102 million will be staked., title=eos mainnet launch stalls as too few users stake their tokens, summary=the eos mainnet launch has stalled, as 150 million tokens have been staked. the remaining 102 million will be voted on by the network’s 21 "block producers", bleu=0.0507
summarize:ethereum could rise fourfold to $2,500 and have a record-setting year this year, a financial consulting firm has predicted."the price of ethereum is predicted to increase significantly this year, and could hit $2,500 by the end of 2018 with a further increase by 2019 and 2020,” nigel green, founder and ceo of devere group, stated in an email to marketwatch. three factors at workgreen attributed the general upswing to three drivers. the first being that more platforms are using ethereum for trading. secondly, ethereum contracts are expanding. thirdly, the decentralization of cloud computing bodes well for ethereum. green further observed that regulation in the cryptocurrency sector is inevitable, which points to greater investor protection and long-term market confidence. ethereum has emerged as the digital currency of choice for new token issuers due to its efficiency and, title=analyst predicts ethereum price to hit a record $2,500 in 2018, summary=ethereum Price Could Hit $2,500 This Year, Says Financial Consultant, bleu=0.075
summarize:bitcoin industry giant bitfury is opening a new bitcoin mining center in norway, bringing investments and jobs in a move that has "delighted” the country’s government. in an announcement on tuesday, the bitfury group revealed details of its expansion into norway with – what it deems – a sustainable, energy-efficient ‘datacenter’ in a foray backed by the government. breaking news – bitfury has officially partnered with the country of norway to open a bitcoin mining datacenter in mo i rana! our datacenter will run on renewable energy, reaffirming our commitment to bitcoin sustainability. read more: https://t.co/mkzvsy4zik pic.twitter.com/mapktuhw9i— the bitfury group (@bitfurygroup), title=the eu won’t wait for global agreement on cryptocurrencies: spain’s economy minister, summary=Bitfury Opens New Bitcoin Mining Datacenter in Norway, bleu=0.0
summarize:on january 25, 2018, zebpay, one of india’s most popular mobile-based cryptocurrency exchanges, announced the addition of litecoin to its trading platform. in a blog post on its website, the company stated that the cryptocurrency is one of the several other tokens that are also scheduled to be added in the near future. litecoin, released in october 2011 by former google employee, charlie lee, was introduced as a lighter alternative to bitcoin. it is one of the oldest cryptocurrencies currently on the market and has a market cap of close to $10 billion. in december 2017, litecoin reached an all time high price of around $350. litecoin is the second cryptocurrency that has been added to zebpay over the past few weeks. earlier in january 2018, the company rolled out the ability for users to trade bitcoin cash (b, title=indian bitcoin exchange zebpay adds litecoin support, summary=zebpay Adds Litecoin to its Trading Platform, bleu=0.0657
summarize:mobilego, which bills itself on its website as a dedicated token to bring esports to everyone, has warned it will consider legal action against people making unreasonable demands against the company. the situation came to light on twitter friday, aug. 17, when one tweeter commented that an ico issuer is threatening to sue investors and anyone critical of their execution. mobilego performance. source: coinimarketcap.comthe tweet includes excerpts from a message from mobilego ceo sergey sholom. sholom, writing on the mobilego channel, stated there has been a lot of "noise” about "investor money” and advised readers there will be legal action considered against parties spreading rumors that undermine the token’s value. ceo admits mistakessholom admitted he made mistakes along the road and that he wasn’t sufficiently involved in the project’, title=sports token ico issuer mobilego threatens critics with legal action, summary=ICO Issuer Threatens to Sue Mobilego Investors, bleu=0.0
summarize:washington’s chelan county public utility district (pud) has drawn a line in the sand on bitcoin miners. chelan’s pud won’t accept or process any more applications for the energy-intensive process of cryptocurrency mining, the agency announced. the moratorium is in response to being "inundated” with applications, and it gives the county the opportunity to potentially lift electricity rates. bitcoin miners have been flocking to the region for the hydroelectric potential and cheap power prices, with the number of applications for new capacity year-to-date already nearing 2017’s total. chelan county officials are now saying bitcoin mining is placing too much of a strain on the power supply. for instance, county officials said demand from cryptocurrency mining facilities was interfering with their work and put the power grid at risk of missing key targets. they also pointed to "health” and "safety” concerns, title=‘i don’t think bitcoin will last forever’: nsa whistleblower edward snowden, summary=chelan County’s Public Utility District Shuts Down Bitcoin Mining Applications, bleu=0.0
summarize:tezos co-founder arthur breitman has been sanctioned by a top wall street regulator in connection with allegations that he violated regulations for securities professionals while working at morgan stanley. according to reuters, the financial industry regulatory authority (finra) — a self-regulatory organization — on april 18 fined breitman $20,000 and has prohibited him from associating with broker-dealers for two years. finra claims that breitman concealed his early work on the tezos project, which began while he was still employed at morgan stanley, from his employer. this would have violated finra rules, which require securities professionals to give their employers written notice that they are engaging in outside business activities."breitman did not notify morgan stanley at any time that he was engaging in these outside, title=tezos founder sanctioned by regulator for allegations of past misconduct, summary=tezos co-founder Arthur breitman sanctioned by Wall Street Regulator, bleu=0.0944
summarize:there’s good news for bitcoin cash users as trezor announces upcoming support for cashaddr, a bch address format. the announcement is a significant development for bitcoin cash as support from the most popular hardware wallet could spell new money coming into the market, or at least increased security for those wishing to safeguard their investment carefully. the news was announced over twitter by bach n. of trezor who posted a link from jochen hoenicke, lead developer of cashaddr #285. no eta, but the cashaddr support is being developed: https://t.co/mphpjww47r— bach n. (@_xbach) april 1, 2018cashaddr was developed as a way of distinguishing between bitcoin cash and bitcoin core addresses, and while it was supposedly expensive to implement the change, the move has paved the way, title=hardware wallet trezor confirms upcoming cashaddr support for bitcoin cash, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange trezor Announces Support for Cashaddr, bleu=0.0509
summarize:bitmain, a multi-billion dollar cryptocurrency mining equipment manufacturer based in china, has led a $110 million series e funding round for circle, a blockchain-focused financial company, in support of circle’s short-term plan of launching a stable cryptocurrency that is in line with bitmain’s vision of establishing private central banks backed by cryptocurrencies. stable cryptocurrencypreviously, circle operated a brokerage service to enable users to purchase and sell cryptocurrencies like bitcoin with ease. but, after obtaining more than $130 million in funding from goldman sachs and idg capital partners, circle pivoted to a more general money transferring company and has since utilized blockchain technology as the base layer of its infrastructure. this week, circle announced its re-entrance into the cryptocurrency sector with the backing of bitmain, unravelling its ambitious plans to release a stable cryptocurrency to compete with us, title=bitmain backs circle’s stable cryptocurrency with a $110 million funding round, summary=Bitcoin Mining Equipment Manufacturer Bitmain Leads $110 Million Series e Funding Round for Circle, bleu=0.0526
summarize:the bitcoin price charged back toward $10,000 on monday as the bulls began to regain their footing following last week’s downturn. bitcoin price charges toward $10,000 as bulls regain footingbitcoin began the week on a high note, climbing nine percent to approximately $9,800 on cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex. this bullish pivot reversed some of the damage from last week’s correction, which saw the bitcoin price sink as low as $8,342 on march 9 after peaking at $11,700 just four days prior. bitcoin now has a $166.8 billion market cap, which translates into a 42.1 percent share of total cryptocurrency market cap. btc price chartat present, bitcoin’s trading volume very well distributed, with no single trading pair accounting for more than 10 percent of the coin’s global volume. notably, a slight spread has opened up between bitcoin’s usd and, title=coincheck hackers have already laundered 40% of 500 million stolen nem, summary=Bitcoin Price Charges Back toward $10,000 as Bulls Recover Footing, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuelan president nicolás maduro has announced the issuance of 100 million petros, the state’s proposed upcoming national cryptocurrency backed by its oil reserves, the world’s largest by any country. venezuela’s national cryptocurrency, the petro, will soon see its first issuance after maduro’s mandate to issue 100 million units of the digital tokens. each petro will be directly valued to a single barrel of oil, reports the el nuevo herald. at an average of just under $60 per barrel at the time of his announcement, the total value of 100 million petros would be just under $6 billion. in a state television address, maduro stated:i have ordered the emission of 100 million petros with the legal sustenance of venezuela’s certified and legalized oil wealth. every petro will, title=$6 billion oil-backed cryptocurrency: venezuela’s president orders issue of 100 million petros, summary=venezuelan President Announces 100 Million Petros, World’s Largest Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0281
summarize:factom (fct) has filed a new patent today with the u. s. patent & trademark office that allows verification of documents on a blockchain with multiple digital signaturesthe patent comes during a frenzy of blockchain patent applications from other incumbents, including ibm, mastercard, and walmart. auditing digital documents with multi-signaturesthe patent claims the concept:"authentication of electronic document is based on multiple digital signatures incorporated into a blockchain. structured data, metadata, and instructions may be hashed to generate the multiple digital signatures for distribution via the blockchain. any peer receiving the blockchain may then verify an authenticity of an electronic document based on any one or more of the multiple digital signatures incorporated into the blockchain.”as one of the leading blockchain projects in data integrity and compliance, factom is building on their platform’s offerings for governments, businesses,, title=factom files patent for validating documents on the blockchain, summary=Factom Files Patent for Verification of Digital Documents with Multiple Digital Signatures, bleu=0.0339
summarize:switzerland-based commodities fund "tiberius group” plans on becoming one of several traditional finance firms to try its hand at cryptocurrencies. its entry follows a string of offerings from big finance in the crypto space such as bitcoin futures, new crypto currency exchanges, and optimism from some of the biggest investment banks in the world. the group, which actively manages investments in commodities such "as energy, industrial metals, precious metals, and agricultural derivatives ” made waves today by announcing that they are launching their own cryptocurrency, tiberius coin. tiberius cointhe tiberius group seems to be trying to avoid the extreme volatility associated with many traditional cryptocurrencies by using commodities so stable, that they are sometimes used to hedge against inflation. the group plans on distributing several different versions of the coin upon launch based on the uses of the underlying metal. one will contain, title=this swiss commodity fund is launching its own cryptocurrency backed by metals, summary=tiberius Group Launches Cryptocurrency based on commodity prices, bleu=0.0335
summarize:following criticism from the european central bank (ecb), estonia’s ambitious plans to launch its "estcoin” have been indefinitely scaled down. estcoin plans squashedpreviously in august 2017, estonian officials announced their plans to issue a state-backed cryptocurrency, called estcoin, and offer the world’s first state-backed ico. the country’s ingenious plan to implement digital assets in their economic framework proposed a "stablecoin”-like cryptocurrency, with each unit of the estcoin pegged to the euro. while the move was immensely forward-thinking, estonian authorities seemed to have lost track of their eurozone status – which subjects them to mandatory ecb rules on monetary policies. invariably, the announcement attracted heavy criticism from ecb president, mario draghi, and other banking authorities. but,, title=estonia scales back plans of ambitious state cryptocurrency ‘estcoin’, summary=Estonia’s “Stablecoin” Plans to Launch a State-Backed Cryptocurrency Scaled Down, bleu=0.0
summarize:iota announced a partnership with dnb asa on may 31. as part of the partnership, dnb and iota are exploring ways to implement the new technologies and processes made possible iota’s "tangle.”dnb is the largest financial service firm in norway based on market capitalization. the firm specializes in investment banking, global markets, and corporate banking. it is a global leader in banking for the shipping, energy, and seafood industries. lasse meholm, head of distributed ledger technology (dlt) at dnb, said about the partnership:"as internet of things (iot) and machine to machine (m2m) communication and payment for microservices seem to escalate in the future, we think engaging in a distributed ledger based technology like iota gives us valuable experience and know, title=norway’s largest bank partners iota for distributed ledger solutions, summary=iota Partners with dnb asa to Implement Blockchain Payments, bleu=0.0477
summarize:the war for the future of the bitcoin cash protocol continues to intensify, with developers at both bitcoin abc and nchain further entrenching themselves ahead of the network’s scheduled hard fork in november. however, one neutral development team is calling for a ceasefire. writing in a post on the bitcoin forum, bitcoin unlimited lead developer andrew stone submitted a proposal aimed at brokering a compromise before what has thus far been primarily a war of words escalates into a blockchain split in november. that war has largely been waged between bitcoin abc — led by bitcoin cash "benevolent dictator” amaury séchet — and nchain, whose controversial chief scientist craig wright needs little introduction. in short, abc has proposed some new changes to the bch protocol, changes which nchain and its backers allege are, title=bitcoin unlimited calls for ceasefire in bch hard fork war, summary=Bitcoin Unlimited Lead Developer Calls for a Breakup before Hard Fork in november, bleu=0.0367
summarize:the bitcoin price led a comprehensive cryptocurrency comeback on monday after the market briefly dipped below $250 billion on sunday. source: coinmarketcapaltogether, 97 of the top 100 cryptocurrencies posted gains against the us dollar, enabling the cryptocurrency market cap to rise by $15.4 billion. this constituted a single-day gain of more than six percent and raised the index to a present value of $260.5 billion. bitcoin price fights for $7,000 as market recoversthe bitcoin price headlined the rally, achieving an increase of nearly six percent and extending as high as $7,132 on bitfinex during intraday trading. at present, the bitcoin price is valued at $6,930, which translates into a $118 billion market cap and a 45.3 percent share of the total cryptocurrency market cap. bitcoin price chartethereum price sees 5 percent bump as community debates 120 million eth, title=bitcoin price leads crypto comeback after market briefly dips below $250 billion, summary=Bitcoin Price Leads Cryptocurrency Comeback after Market Drops Below $250 Billion, bleu=0.069
summarize:coinbase announced today it’s intention to add erc20 support to several of its suite of products. historically, coinbase announcements have caused huge retail influxes of retail investors, erratic price swings, and even allegations of market manipulation. that’s why it was a surprise today when coinbase‘s latest announcement came not with a bang but a bearish whimper. prices are down across the board today and there has been very little reaction to coinbases momentous announcement. whether or not the market chooses to react in the next 24 hours, one thing is for sure. coinbase’s addition of erc20 support will have wide-reaching effects around the cryptocurrency markets for years to come and cannot be overlooked. what is erc20? erc20 is the standard used by ethereum tokens and smart contracts. it serves as an interface to which, title=stellar founder/ripple co-founder cites importance of decentralization, summary=Coinbase Announces erc20 Support for several of its products, bleu=0.0477
summarize:nasdaq president and ceo adena friedman said on tuesday that the exchange operator is investigating whether and how to launch bitcoin futures contracts but that those plans are still in the "exploratory phase.”nasdaq’s bitcoin futures plans still in ‘exploratory phase’friedman, who was in davos, switzerland for the world economic forum, confirmed reports that nasdaq is interested in launching bitcoin futures, but she tempered those remarks by stating that the plans were far from reaching fruition."as of right now, we’re still in the mode of exploring that,” friedman told fox business host maria bartriomo. "so we’ve been talking with clients. we want to make sure that if we choose to enter into the market in terms of providing, title=cryptocurrenvy hedge fund calls iota “sharply overvalued”, summary=nasdaq’s bitcoin futures plans still in ‘exploratory phase’, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bank of england has not closed the door on a central bank-issued cryptocurrency, despite announcing such a decision earlier this year. mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, speaking on a panel in stockholm on the future of central banks, said he would consider a digital currency issued by the central bank but that it is not a pressing concern, according to bloomberg. he reaffirmed previous statements that cryptocurrencies are not acting as money at the present time. impact on financial system stokes concernearlier this year, the bank said it will not launch a bank issued cryptocurrency on account of the possible ramifications on the financial system. the bank, which began exploring cryptocurrency in 2015, eventually decided that consumers would select its cryptocurrency and close their commercial bank accounts, wreaking havoc on the financial system. the bank also expressed concern that, title=bank of england reopens the possibility of bank-run cryptocurrency, summary=the bank of england has not closed the door on a central bank-issued cryptocurrency, bleu=0.1201
summarize:the banco central de venezuela, venezuela’s central bank, has recently launched an android app to help the country’s residents convert the country’s old fiat currency, the bolivar, to the new petro-pegged bolivar soberano – the sovereign bolivar. the app, first spotted by bloomberg, is called "calculadora soberana” (sovereign calculator) and doesn’t do particularly complex math, as it pretty much takes five zeros away from the bolivar to convert it to the crypto-pegged currency, making a 1:100,000 conversion. at press time it has been downloaded over 10,000 times and has a 4.7 rating on the google play store, after being reviewed by 184 people. its description reveals it also lets users keep up to date with the "latest news and information on currency conversion.”on, title=venezuela’s central bank launches android app to convert bolivars to petro-pegged currency, summary=venezuela’s Central Bank Launches Android App to Convert Bolvar to Petro-Pegged Soberano, bleu=0.0446
summarize:earlier this week, bithumb, south korea’s second-biggest cryptocurrency exchange – behind upbit – that is known for its rigorous verification process for new cryptocurrencies, announced the airdrop of popchain, a cryptocurrency which the global community has not heard about previously. two weeks into developmenthankyung, one of the leading mainstream media outlets in south korea, reported that many investors of bithumb have requested the exchange to reconsider the listing of popchain and initiating an airdrop to the platform’s users given that the cryptocurrency has only been in two weeks of development and 91 percent of its supply is owned by two individuals. more importantly, an investigation into the source code of popchain revealed that its entire source code was copied from the source code of bitcoin, monero, and dash, and the copyright of these cryptocurrencies are still in the source code of popchain. various cryptocurrency, title=pump and a ponzi? bithumb criticized for prematurely listing a cryptocurrency created by its developers, summary=South Korean Crypto Exchange Bithumb Airdrops Cryptocurrency Popchain, bleu=0.0
summarize:tron has finally concluded its protracted takeover of fallen peer-to-peer giant bittorrent. an announcement on the official bittorrent website revealed that bittorrent will now operate from the new tron san francisco office, which will now host the company’s global expansion efforts. an excerpt from the announcement reads:"we are excited to announce that tron has officially closed its acquisition of bittorrent. bittorrent has more than 100 million active users worldwide, and has one of the top-rated apps on google play and other products, including bittorrent play (ios), utorrent web, and desktop clients for pc and mac. the division will provide robust support for tron’s global business development and partnerships, while pursuing its vision for the world’s largest decentralized ecosystem.”will they, won’t theyccn earlier reported that, title=tron completes bittorrent acquisition after several fits and starts, summary=tron’s Bittorrent Takeover Moves to New Office in san francisco, bleu=0.0
summarize:reliance industries, india’s biggest and most valuable conglomerate, is diving into blockchain development that will also see the company create its own cryptocurrency, jiocoin, through its telecom subsidiary reliance jio infocomm. according to a regional report by livemint, indian telecom giant jio infocomm is establishing an initiative dubbed the ‘jiocoin project’ that will see a 50-member team of professionals working on blockchain technology to develop applications for supply chain management logistics as well as building smart contracts. the team will reportedly be led by akash ambani, the eldest son of mukesh ambani who is the managing director of reliance industries. one of the world’s richest men, mukesh ambani is worth an estimated $40.1 billion with a 44.7% stake in the conglomerate. the blockchain development team, title=jiocoin – india’s biggest conglomerate to launch its own cryptocurrency, summary=India’s Biggest Conglomerate Diving into Blockchain Development for jiocoin, bleu=0.0427
summarize:iran and russia could turn to cryptocurrency as a solution to evade western financial sanctions and reduce their dependence on the us dollar. iran has been struck by a monetary crisis in recent months after its fiat currency, the rial, plunged to historic lows against the us dollar leading up to us president trump formally withdrawing from the obama-era nuclear deal with iran. russia has also seen international sanctions imposed by the united states and the european union and a number of other countries in recent years following russia’s military intervention in ukraine. in an effort to circumvent us-dollar-based commerce and escape their dependence on the global interbank system operated by swift, tehran is suggesting cryptocurrency as a solution in high-level discussions with moscow, according to a report by russian publication rbc citing major news, title=iran and russia consider using cryptocurrency to evade us sanctions: report, summary=iran and russia Could Turn to Cryptocurrency to evade US sanctions, bleu=0.1676
summarize:university college london, better known as ucl has officially terminated its ties with the iota foundation as a response to the legal threats made by iota foundation against cybersecurity researchers. patrick mccorry, a security researcher at ucl’s initiative for cryptocurrencies and contracts, revealed the official statement from ucl which emphasized researchers should not fall victim to lawsuits for disclosing their findings and added that other universities and colleges should follow ucl and terminate ties with foundations that threaten researchers with lawsuits. from ucl’s official statement:"ucl centre for blockchain technologies is no longer associated with the iota foundation. in relation to recent news report, we reaffirm our support for open security research, as a prerequisite for understanding the assurances provided by any blockchain technology. it is inappropriate, title=prestigious london college terminates ties with iota foundation due to legal threats, summary=ucl Ends ties with iota Foundation as a Response to Legal Threats, bleu=0.1355
summarize:robert bosch venture capital is investing in iota. the firm is also joining the network’s advisory board. digging in deep with databosch is a 131-year-old company, yet it’s on the cutting edge of crypto and iota’s tangle-style platform. clearly, the firm desires to go deeper into data rather than stick to its old business model and profit from hardware. selling data is the future and bosch views iota and autonomous cars as a great way to collect micropayments and information. add this to the fact the city of taipai, south korea is set to use iota to turn the city into an app-driven smart city. its obvious iota is really making some waves. iota’s data marketplace has been in the making since 2015. around the same, title=bosch invests in iota, outlines blockchain plans, summary=robert bosch is Investing in iota, Joining the Network’s Board, bleu=0.1499
summarize:venezuela has recently offered india a 30 percent discount on crude oil purchases if the country purchases it using its oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro. according to a report published by the business standard, a team of experts from venezuela’s blockchain department went to india last month to conduct the deal. while in india, venezuela’s experts struck a deal with delhi-based cryptocurrency exchange coinsecure, to sell the petro in india. as covered by ccn, the oil-backed cryptocurrency was announced late last year and has been sold to investors. it’ll be launched after the presidential elections in venezuela, which are set to take place on may 20. coinsecure’s chief executive officer, mohit kalra, revealed venezuela was looking to add the petro to the platform, so the cryptocurrency could be, title=30% off! venezuela offers india cheap crude oil on a discount, if paid in petro, summary=venezuela Offers India 30% Discount on Oil Purchases with Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency, petro, bleu=0.0562
summarize:institutional cryptocurrency exchange and bitlicense charter recipient itbit has announced that it has received approval from the new york department of financial services (nydfs) to list four new cryptocurrencies: ethereum (eth), bitcoin cash (bch), litecoin (ltc), and stellar (xlm). itbit, which says it operates the second-largest us bitcoin trading platform by total volume, announced on thursday that the nydfs had approved its request to list these assets, including stellar’s lumens token, which has not yet been available on any new york-based exchange. in addition to its professional cryptocurrency exchange — which is only available to institutions and other high volume traders — itbit operates an over-the-counter (otc) trading desk and provides investors with qualified custodial services. clients will now have access to eth,, title=bitlicense charter recipient itbit will become first new york exchange to list stellar (xlm), summary=nydf Approves Cryptocurrency Exchange to List eth, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin, bleu=0.0243
summarize:digital asset exchanges are gateways for regular individuals and corporations to participate in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. these exchanges serve as platforms where tokens and digital assets can be traded across each other and also across fiat currencies. hence, they represent a crucial aspect of the industry in determining the mainstream adoption of cryptocurrencies and their underlying technology. the impact of being listedas new cryptos emerge, either as a result of brand new innovations or blockchain protocol modification (forks), their growth and sustainability depend largely on the level of demand by the community. this explains why it is such a big deal whenever new tokens are listed on any major exchange. it makes them more available and open for effective trading for members of the crypto community. in a recent post, us-based digital asset exchange, gdax announced that it will open its bch-btc order book on wednesday, jan, title=bitcoin cash will surpass bitcoin because of its ‘formula’, says roger ver, summary=gdax to List Cryptocurrency Tokens on Major Exchanges, bleu=0.0
summarize:the national audit of the people’s republic of china, the country’s supreme audit institution, is pinning high hopes on blockchain technology as a way to improve government auditing functions, according to a statement posted april 24. an article titled "some ideas on applying ‘blockchain’ technology in big data” notes that the blockchain portion of the stock market has increased 19.95% for eight straight days this year, reflecting blockchain application capability. the technology, according to the article, can improve data storage, management, transmission and other work modes for data audits. the article offers an overview about blockchain technology, noting that its features decentralized computing and time stamping services such as recognizing textual information based on time sequence and the permanent saving of data. present system has limitationsthe present system for auditing data relies on centralized storage, the article noted. accredited agencies collect the data to do their audits, then, title=kyber network and omisego surge 70% with bithumb integration as bitcoin dips below $9,000, summary=the People’s Republic of China is Pinning High Hopes on Blockchain to Improve Auditing Functions, bleu=0.0
summarize:the first multibillion-dollar token sale may be just around the corner — if reports about the telegram ico are to be believed, that is. having just concluded a record-setting $850 million ico presale, telegram — the encrypted messaging application created by russian entrepreneur pavel durov — has sent prospective investors an email informing them that the firm will hold a second private presale, according to a report in tech outlet the verge. citing anonymous sources, the publication said that the second round of the telegram ico presale is expected to raise nearly as much as the first one, netting the firm a total raise of more than $1.6 billion — all before the ico even opens to the public. but although telegram does not appear to have any trouble attracting capital to its token sale, many traditional cryptoasset investors are remaining on the, title=20% gains: nano floats in a sea of crypto red, summary=telegram to Hold Second Private Presale of $850 Million ICO, Report Says, bleu=0.0284
summarize:yesterday, on march 6, the global cryptocurrency market moved closer to the $500 billion mark, as it peaked at $475 billion. today, the market dropped by nearly $30 billion in value, as major cryptocurrencies recorded losses. on march 5, ccn reported that the price of ripple gained momentum due to unverified rumors which claimed coinbase, the world’s largest cryptocurrency brokerage and wallet platform, will integrate ripple this week. ccn’s report emphasized that if the unconfirmed rumors do not turn out to be true and coinbase does not integrate ripple, the price of the cryptocurrency could fall by large margins."this anticipation could also lead to a large drop in the price of ripple if coinbase ends up not integrating ripple, as it did last year, when similar rumors emerged. it is unlikely that coinbase will integrate ripple this week, given that it is still dealing with class action lawsuit, title=cryptocurrency market erases yesterday’s gain, ripple drops 11%, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Drops by Nearly $30 Billion as Major cryptocurrencies Record Losses, bleu=0.0
summarize:stellar, the creator of the lumens (xlm) — often stylized as stellar — cryptocurrency, is said to be engaged in talks to acquire blockchain startup chain for $500 million. citing anonymous sources familiar with the discussions, fortune reports that stellar will pay $500 million worth of xlm to acquire chain, which had previously raised more than $43 million from a variety of financial institutions including capital one, citigroup, nasdaq, and visa, as well as tech-focused funds such as khosla ventures, blockchain capital, and pantera capital. it’s not clear what stellar’s plans are for the san francisco-based chain, which develops enterprise blockchain solutions including sequence, a ledger-as-a-service product that allows organizations to transfer balances in token format on private ledgers. according to fortune, stellar’s interest, title=stellar in talks to acquire blockchain startup chain for $500 million in xlm: report, summary=Stellar to Pay $500 Million to Acquire Blockchain Startup Chain, Report Says, bleu=0.0545
summarize:the team behind cryptozombies — a website dedicated to teaching people how to code ethereum dapps, — is launching the world’s first collectible card game on a blockchain. to raise funds for the game’s development, the team decide to go with kickstarter instead of an ico. surprising? maybe not. james martin duffy, a creator of cryptozombies, believes the game can go head-to-head with mainstream titles, such as magic: the gathering. instead of launching an ico, the team decided to use kickstarter precisely for its audience. what better way to gain credibility as a legitimate project than launching a crowdfunding campaign on the highly popular kickstarter? the company hopes to raise $250,000 with its crowdfunding campaign which will run for 60 days. the game claims to work as any trading card game — players will be, title=cryptozombies creator launches kickstarter campaign for blockchain trading card game, summary=Cryptozombies Launches World’s First Collectible Card Game on a Blockchain, bleu=0.0
summarize:tomorrow morning at 10 am est the eyes of the world will turn to russia as france and croatia duke it out in the final game of the world cup. the last world cup in 2014 was watched by almost 3.2 billion people and the world’s population has grown by almost half a billion since then. that makes tomorrow’s event the most watched global event by any estimate. as any sports fan knows, with mass coverage comes mass gambling. this year world cup gambling is expected to make bookies a profit of more than $36 billion. while most of this gambling is going to take place in fiat, at least some will take place in crypto. gambling with crypto is not a new phenomenon, and gambling ico’s dominated ico funding last summer. most of these platforms are not live yet but are expected to bring in massive amounts of capital and even pump prices of coins like binance coin and, title=betting on the world cup final...with ethereum, summary=World Cup Gambling is Expected to Make Bookies a Profit of $36 Billion, bleu=0.0
summarize:controversial cryptocurrency company bitmain has become one of the 21 entities processing transactions on the nascent eos network. the china-based firm, best known for producing cryptocurrency mining hardware and supporting a big-block approach to bitcoin scaling, on tuesday received a sufficient number of votes to become an active eos block producer, which allows it to receive compensation for processing transactions and enforcing the network’s constitution.eosantpool https://t.co/0nluasxhkn has become one of the 21 #eos block producers. thanks so much for all your support, vote and trust. eosantpool will keep working on #eos community development and construction. let's rebuild the world together. https://t.co/ntkoedgjow pic.twitter.com, title=bitmain is now one of the 21 entities processing eos transactions, summary=Chinese Cryptocurrency Firm Bitmain Becomes One of 21 Eos Block Producers, bleu=0.0446
summarize:eos, an altcoin blockchain that was halted by a bug that prevented transactions two days after going live, has frozen seven eos accounts that were subject to a phishing scam, according to a blog on a site called eos42 on steemit. developers discovered the bug that caused the mainnet to pause unexpectedly on june 16 and noted on the telegram channel that block.one, the eos creator, was working on a software patch. the block producers held a conference call to discuss the problem, then disabled their nodes and backed up data to protect network history would be lost. problem raises concernthe block producers updated users about the problem, but the fact that the bug was being fixed over a conference call supports the arguments of those who say eos is not sufficiently decentralized. emin gun sirer,, title=eos freezes seven accounts following mainnet snafu, summary=eos Frozen Seven Accounts Subject to Phishing Scam, bleu=0.0552
summarize:bad timing and a less than spectacular user experience — that’s what cryptocurrency startup bloq says is to blame for the pedestrian $12 million raised through the metronome (mtn) initial supply auction (isa), referred to by nearly everyone but the company as an initial coin offering (ico). bloq made this assessment in a lengthy post-mortem published earlier this week, nearly two months after the conclusion of the metronome ico in june. metronome’s creators, a group that includes early bitcoin developer jeff garzik, have boasted that the token’s portability will ensure that it will be a "thousand-year cryptocurrency,” one that will survive long after other once-popular blockchains have been forgotten by history. mtn tokens, as ccn reported, can be ported to any blockchain with support for smart contracts., title=bad timing: ‘thousand-year cryptocurrency’ metronome blames bear market after pedestrian ico, summary=mtn Tokens Can Be Ported to Any Blockchain with Smart Contracts, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency scammers are currently using twitter to take advantage of nave investors looking to make some easy money. often, the scammers pose as influential community members, and promise those that send them a specific cryptocurrency a reward a number of times greater than the initial donation. now, they even started hijacking verified accounts to look more credible. to legitimize the move, these scammers then add fake replies to the tweet asking for donations. these replies usually claim they’ve received the funds and thank the person. these scammers are usually easy to spot, as they use recently created accounts, with usernames with extra letters, and without a blue checkmark only twitter can give its users. the amount of people falling for these scams is insane. the address the scammer is using currently has $20,000 worth of $eth in it. #twitter should do something, and please always look for the little blue, title=cryptocurrency scammers hijack verified twitter accounts to trick users, summary=Cryptocurrency Scammers Use Twitter to Take Advantage of Nave Investors, bleu=0.042
summarize:dash ceo and former wall street executive ryan taylor spoke out about the recent wall street activity seen in the cryptocurrency space recently, with ice establishing a bitcoin market and financialization coming in from other avenues of the traditional finance world. dash ceo explains why he left wall street to go all in on cryptoin an exclusive interview, taylor told ccn:"i was led away from wall street for two primary reasons. the first is the tremendous opportunity i believe is inherent in the space. this is an incredibly immature industry with enormous potential for well-run projects. the second reason is that this technology has the potential to change the world for the better by empowering some of the most disaffected people in the world with a greater degree of financial freedom. it is truly an exciting place to be working.”dash is a cryptocurrency and a digital autonomous, title=interview: dash ceo ryan taylor on why cryptocurrency doesn’t need wall street to grow, summary=Dash CEO ryan taylor explains why he left Wall Street to go all in on Cryptoin, bleu=0.0615
summarize:a u. s. federal judge rejected alibaba group holdings ltd.’s move to block dubai cryptocurrency firm alibabacoin foundation from using the alibaba name for its alibabacoin virtual currency. in his ruling, judge paul oetken of the southern district of new york (i.e., manhattan) denied alibaba’s motion on jurisdictional grounds, saying it failed to show that the use of the alibabacoin name would hurt its business prospects in new york or would infringe its trademarks in new york. surprisingly, the judge said it didn’t matter that alibabacoin might eventually be listed on a new york exchange. judge: no infringement in new yorkjudge oetken said any damage to alibaba’s business or reputation from the, title=us judge rejects alibaba infringement motion to block ‘alibabacoin’ cryptocurrency, summary=alibaba Group Holdings ltd.’s Move to Block a New York Cryptocurrency Firm from Using the ALIBA Name, bleu=0.0241
summarize:leading japanese e-commerce platform rakuten will transition its rewards program to a blockchain-based system featuring a company-developed cryptocurrency. e-commerce giant rakuten to launch cryptocurrency-based rewards programrakuten ceo hiroshi "mickey” mikitani made this announcement at the mobile world congress in barcelona, according to a techcrunch report, explaining that the token would be called rakuten coin. rakuten coin will replace the tokyo-based company’s current "super points” program, which has long been regarded as one of the most robust loyalty programs in the e-commerce ecosystem, and its customers have collectively earned approximately $9.1 billion in points over the program’s 15-year history. mikitani did not announce a release date for rakuten coin, but he previewed that it will, title=e-commerce giant rakuten to launch cryptocurrency rewards program, summary=rakuten to Launch Cryptocurrency-Based Rewards Program, bleu=0.1163
summarize:the much-hyped tron independence day is less than 72 hours away. as part of the commemorative events that are set to take place, tron foundation has revealed that trx tokens worth approximately us$ 50 million will be burnt. this is one billion trx coins which according to tron foundation will perhaps constitute the largest amount of money ever destroyed for purposes of celebrating a monumental event. letter to the community: #tron independence day. celebrate on june 25th as we become a free, autonomous, and self-governed decentralized internet. join us in celebrating with a 1 billion #trx coin burn! @tronfoundation https://t.co/nzrpdq6v9v pic.twitter.com/nfmijraf6u— justin sun (@justinsuntron) june 21, 2018after the, title=tron to burn trx worth $50 million to mark ‘independence day’, summary=tron Foundation Burns 1 Billion trx Coins to Celebrate Independence Day, bleu=0.045
summarize:that the porn sector is an early adopter of new technology is cliché. still, this has been proven once more with adult entertainment firm, pornhub, announcing that it has begun accepting tron (trx) and zencash (zen) as a means of payment. with trx and zen coins, consumers of adult entertainment will now be in a position of accessing premium content on pornhub and its affiliated sites including brazzers. we're excited to announce that were now accepting @zencashofficial and @tronfoundation as crypto currency payment for pornhub premium!!— pornhub aria (@pornhub) june 27, 2018according to zencash, which is a zcash fork, there are more than 115 million users who visit pornhub and its affiliated websites on a daily basis making it the largest group of, title=pornhub will now take your tron (trx) and zencash (zen), summary=Pornhub Accepts tron and zencash as Cryptocurrency Payments, bleu=0.0577
summarize:the cambodian government, while pursuing its own cryptocurrency entapay, has paradoxically banned financial institutions from engaging in cryptocurrency transactions, creating a state of confusion for the country’s cryptocurrency entrepreneurs. men sam an, cambodia’s deputy prime minister, recently announced the launch of entapay, a cryptocurrency, and encouraged the company to abide by the company’s laws, according to the the pnom penh post. big plans for government cryptocurrencyentapay is a government supported, multi-functional digital currency payment system consisting of storage management, trading, exchange and offline transactions, according to its website. it can be viewed as a decentralized alipay application based on blockchain technology. entapay derives its name from the quantum mechanical phenomenon of quantum entanglement, according to the website, which features secure encryption and transmission of information. as a multi-functional payment, title=cambodia blocks crypto transactions while launching its own cryptocurrency, summary=Cambodia Bans Financial Institutions from Cryptocurrency Transactions, bleu=0.0
summarize:bittorrent inventor bram cohen has called it quits at the project he started nearly two decades ago following its acquisition by justin sun, creator of the tron cryptocurrency. industry publication torrentfreak reports that cohen, who created the peer-to-peer bittorrent protocol in 2001 and founded bittorrent inc. in 2004, has cut ties with the project."i have no involvement with tron,” he told the publication. cohen had already stepped aside from bittorrent’s day-to-day operations last year to focus on a new project, techcrunch reported at the time, though he told the publication he was still on the company’s board of directors. now, though, cohen has confirmed that he no longer has an official role at bittorrent inc., which was acquired by the sun-owned rainberry acquisition inc. in, title=bittorrent inventor calls it quits following tron acquisition, summary=Bittorrent’s Bram Cohen Calls It Quits after Justin Sun Acquires tron, bleu=0.0375
summarize:though chinese authorities have previously taken various measures aimed at curtailing the trading of cryptocurrencies, the mining of bitcoin has continued unabated in some of china’s remote parts according to a nikkei asian review report. these regions enjoy excess electricity supply capacity and are considered poor relative to the economic powerhouses of beijing and shanghai. they include sichuan province, which is fondly known as the capital of bitcoin mining, and qinghai province. in china’s qinghai province one of the large-scale mines is owned by the ‘fuerdai’, a term used to describe the rich kids of the country’s military and communist party officials and other elite. while both sichuan and qinghai provinces enjoy abundant and cheap electricity, the two neighboring regions are relatively poor due to their heavy, title=early bitcoin developer jeff garzik launches new altcoin ‘metronome’, summary=Bitcoin Mining Continues Unabated in China’s Remote Regions, bleu=0.0
summarize:litecoin price posted one of the biggest gains today, jumping from $236.76 at the start of the day to a high of $305.66 around noon saturday (utc), marking a 29% gain, before sliding back to $290.08 at the time of this report. with a market valuation of $15.85 billion, litecoin is the fifth largest crypto by market cap behind fourth-place cardano, with $28 billion. one day pricetoday’s high was well below the $370.78 litecoin hit on dec. 19 amidst the fourth quarter market rally. litecoin creator charlie lee liquidated his ltc holdings shortly thereafter, claiming he wanted to remove his personal influence on litecoin’s performance. the price fell to $218.62 on dec. 22, then embarked on an up, title=litecoin price jumps nearly 30% as founder lee remains upbeat, summary=Litecoin Price Gains 29% as Cryptocurrency Market Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0759
summarize:today bitcoin cash activated a hard fork that will increase the bch block size from 8mb to 32mb and add new op codes to the codebase. bigger blocksinitially announced november 2017, the upgrade began at 12:00:00 utc when the hard fork was initialized. as ccn reported back in april, the fork includes the addition of op codes, which allow smart contract capabilities. however, the whopping increase in block size has drawn the most attention. blog updates about the bitcoin cash hard fork remain optimistic that the upgrade will reduce transaction fees, but critics allege that there are potential downsides to quadrupling the block size, as concerns over the security of large block sizes still loom. nevertheless, as ccn reported, the block size debate could be over-blown and harks more to ideals about, title=bitcoin cash hard forks to raise the bch block size [again], summary=Bitcoin Cash Hard Fork Increases bch Block Size to 32mb, Adds Op Codes, bleu=0.0338
summarize:mobius network, a turnkey blockchain-enabling data platform, closed its mobi token ico in just two hours. more than 55,000 registered for the public token sale, the first to be built on and supported by stellar, as opposed to ethereum. the sale was originally scheduled to run through feb. 18. the token sale hit $39 million, according to crowdfundinsiser.com, and could be the largest ico of 2018. the mobi token allows companies and consumers to exchange data by smart contracts and plug into the blockchain ecosystem. individual buyers were limited to a maximum of 25,000 tokens each in order to ensure as many people could participate as possible in the sale. only stellar lumens (xlm) was accepted as payment. ico follows record pre-salethe mobi pre-sale was the largest of q4 2017 and of 2018, with more than, title=$39 million mobius ico sells out in 2 hours on stellar, not ethereum, summary=Mobius Network Closes mobi Token ICO in Two Hours, bleu=0.0245
summarize:zcash, the 21st-largest cryptocurrency with a market cap of more than $1.4 billion, jumped more than 50% this week, according to coinmarketcap, pushed by the news that the gemini exchange will list the cryptocurrency next week. the new york department of financial services approved gemini’s request to add three zec markets – zec/usd, zec/btc and zec/eth – making it the exchange’s third cryptocurrency. the exchange already supports trading pairs for ether and bitcoin. gemini has also been approved to list bitcoin cash and litecoin, but it has not said when these cryptocurrencies will be added. postive outlookthe new york department’s approval bodes well for zcash, as the state is considered by many to be one of the strictest regulatory bodies in the u. s. ty, title=zcash price jumps over 50% for the week ahead of gemini listing, summary=New York Approves Gemini to List zcash as Third Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0311
summarize:bitcoin bears frequently deride the flagship cryptocurrency as a speculative bubble, but just wait until they find out about the volatility of bacoin, a bacon-backed "cryptocurrency” from oscar mayer. first things first: bacoin is not a cryptocurrency. rather, it’s a cleverly-branded promotion that uses an instant win game — excuse me, "mining” — to give away bacon coupons whose values float based on user engagement. however, based on bacn’s price movements, "float” is probably a generous term. here’s an example. early tuesday morning, the bacoin price exploded to 14 slices, up from five slices just two hours prior. however, at this point, the bacoin bears appeared to gain a foothold, and the, title=think bitcoin’s a bubble? oscar mayer’s ‘bacoin cryptocurrency’ just crashed 93%, summary=oscar Mayer’s bacon-backed “cryptocurrency” bacoin Price Explodes to 14 Slices, bleu=0.0311
summarize:zcash, a privacy-based cryptocurrency, is about to undergo its first hard fork. the network upgrade, dubbed overwinter, is intended to be activated at block 347,500 – it’s currently at 347, 253- and is scheduled to go live on june 26. zcash is a fork of bitcoin which uses a cryptography principle called "zero-knowledge proofs” which allows users to shield transaction amount and details all while being publicly recorded on the blockchain. the zerocoin electric coin company had announced this upgrade on its official blog back in march and subsequently released a fork-compatible software client at the end of may. the company states the "purpose of overwinter is to strengthen the protocol for future network upgrades, paving the way for the zcash sapling network upgrade later this year.” the fork also includes versioning,, title=‘overwinter’ upgrade looms as zcash prepares for its first hard fork, summary=zcash’s first hard fork is scheduled to go live on june 26, bleu=0.1261
summarize:tron users have formally voted to make founder justin sun one of the less than 30 individuals and organizations authorized to serve as a "super representative” on the trx network. tron founder justin sun becomes supernode operatorit took just hours for sun, who announced his candidacy on wednesday, to receive enough votes to earn a place as one of the network’s 27 active super representatives. at the time of writing, sun’s node — named "justinsuntron” — has just over 120 million votes, ranking him eighth among all super representative candidates. sun thanked the community in a post published on the tron sr forum, stating that it marked an important milestone in his transition from project founder to member of a "growing decentralized self-governed community.” he also committed to returning all trx he receives from operating a super, title=tron founder justin sun wins supernode election, vows to donate revenue to trx development, summary=tron Users Vote to Make Justin Sun a “Super Representative”, bleu=0.0303
summarize:the cryptocurrency market took a sharp downward turn last night, as prices across the board plunged and sellers looked to liquidation to recoup their losses. between approximately 11:00pm cst on january 7th and 10:00am cst on january 8th, cryptocurrency’s total market cap fell 14%, dropping from $814bln to $700bln throughout monday morning. while all assets took a hit, some suffered more than others. ripple, for instance, lost nearly $50bln from its market cap, as ethereum supplanted it as #2 on coin market cap. coin market cap to blame? the precipitous price drop was a bit too steep a bit too quick for some, and skeptics have taken to social media platforms to say that this is a product of coin market cap, not organic price fluctuations. in a redd, title=as crypto market sees hard correction overnight, community points to coinmarketcap, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ether: Cryptocurrency Market Takes a Sharp Downturn, bleu=0.0202
summarize:coinbase, the biggest cryptocurrency exchange, brokerage, and wallet based in the us, integrated ethereum classic on june 12 ahead of other major cryptocurrencies such as ripple and eos. the community was taken aback by the abrupt decision of coinbase to add etc to its platform, given that it is the 18th most valuable cryptocurrency in the global market and there are more than a dozen cryptocurrencies with larger market valuation and volume. dan romero, the vice president and general manager at coinbase, acknowledged that the cryptocurrency community generally responded to the etc integration with astonishment. he emphasized that coinbase’s decision to integrate etc was mainly fueled by its compliance with local regulations."seeing some head-scratching on this one [etc integration]. we’ll continue adding as many assets as we can in a secure and compliant manner. building a brand, title=why coinbase added ethereum classic ahead of ripple & other tokens, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Integrates ethereum Classic, bleu=0.0353
summarize:the lead plaintiff, who is also suing texas-based nano the company, wants the developers to create a "rescue fork” to recover funds that were lost in a hack. the lawsuit seeks damages and equitable relief from the usd 170 million in nano’s xrb token that was stolen in february in a hack on bitgrail, the italy-based platform on which nano recommended investors place their assets, according to the complaint. the plaintiff is also accusing nano of not registering its xrb token with regulators as a security. the lawsuit was filed on april 6 in the us district court eastern district of new york against the following defendants: nano (formerly raiblocks), colin lemahieu (creator and lead developer), mica busch (developer), zach shapiro (ios, title=“rescue fork”: class action complaint lodged against nano developers, summary=the lawsuit seeks damages and equitable relief from nano’s xrb token stolen in a hack, bleu=0.0
summarize:vechain has officially launched its main network and the first block has been mined successfully. vechain mainnet launchesvechain thor is a blockchain platform aimed at driving enterprise businesses to use blockchain solutions. the main network launch was preceded by deploying the first authority master node. vechain utilizes a proof-of-authority consensus algorithm, in which approved validators mine blocks to produce faster transaction speeds compared to other blockchains. although critics have expressed concerns of centralization, vechain believes that this mechanism would be optimal for businesses by providing them with a better-performing network. at exactly 08:00:09 the first block was successfully mined. the vechainthor blockchain has officially launched. pic.twitter.com/ayzs19goao— vechain foundation (@vechainofficial) june 30, 2018vechain is also a dual token system, title=vechain thor blockchain launches, token swap to take place mid-july, summary=vechain Launches Main Network and First Block Successfully Mined, bleu=0.0382
summarize:circle, a payments and cryptocurrency company that raised over $100 million from leading venture capital firms and financial institutions like goldman sachs, has acquired cryptocurrency exchange poloniex to serve the token market. crypto assets, fiat pairssean neville and jeremy allaire, the co-founders of circle, officially announced the acquisition of poloniex by circle on february 26, welcoming the founding team of poloniex along with the cryptocurrency exchange’s existing user base. the company noted that under the umbrella of circle trade, poloniex will begin to provide significant liquidity and an efficient trading platform for investors in the global cryptocurrency market. with circle’s resources and capital, allaire assured that poloniex will be able to scale effectively, with risk, compliance, and technical operations handled by the circle team."circle trade serves institutions and investors as one of the world, title=circle acquires poloniex, to focus on crypto assets and bringing fiat pairs, summary=Circle Acquires Cryptocurrency Exchange Poloniex to Serve Token Market, bleu=0.0306
summarize:lisk, which jumped 65% after listing on bitflyer on wednesday, posted a 20% boost yesterday after huobi.pro also listed the altcoin. lisk has clearly benefited after securing two exchange listings in one week. source: coinmarketcap.comwhile wednesday, jan. 31, was brutal for the cryptocurrency markets, as bitcoin’s price fell below $10,000 and the cryptocurrency market cap entered sub-$500 million territory for the first time since jan. 17, lisk soared. shortly before 6:00 utc wednesday, the lisk price was trading at roughly $21.50 on bittrex. within the span of 25 minutes, the lisk price was valued at $36.27, which represented an increase of more than 65%. the price soon dropped back below $30, but it continued to trade well above its previous level, title=lisk price jumps 20% on huobi exchange listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange huobi.pro and Bitflyer Sell Altcoin lisk for 20% Boost, bleu=0.0675
summarize:in the past 24 hours, the valuation of the crypto market has dropped slightly by $2 billion, from $215 billion to $213 billion, as the bitcoin price and ethereum price demonstrated stability. most major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin cash, ripple, eos, and ethereum recorded decent gains in the range of 1 to 5 percent. top 10 best performing cryptocurrencies, chart provided by coinmarketcaptokens including vechain, ontology, and digixdao, which fell by more than 20 percent against both bitcoin and the us dollar on august 18, recovered relatively quickly, recording 15 percent gains to overcome yesterday’s losses. tokens are showing massive volatilityearlier this week, on august 17, vechain, ontology, digixdao, nano, 0x, bat, and other tokens recorded some of their strongest performances against bitcoin. vechain and ontology in specific rose by, title=valuation of crypto market slightly declines but bitcoin price shows stability, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $213 Billion as Crypto Market Recovers, bleu=0.0
summarize:early bitcoin investor and prominent bitcoin cash (bch) supporter roger ver recently participated in vi bitconf, a cryptocurrency conference held in so paulo, brazil. according to local news outlet portal do bitcoin, ver wasn’t physically there, as he participated while in tokyo. nevertheless, the chief executive officer of controversial website bitcoin.com used the opportunity to promote bitcoin cash as the "real bitcoin” and even offered $100 worth of bch to the first audience member who scanned a qr code. per portal do bitcoin, ver reminded the audience he first learned about bitcoin in 2011, and quickly realized the potential the cryptocurrency had. since then, he’s been promoting bitcoin until last year, when he started promoting bitcoin cash, a cryptocurrency he claims to be more in line with satoshi nakamoto’s original vision. during the, title=roger ver pumps bch, slams venezuela’s oil-backed petro at brazil crypto conference, summary=Bitcoin Cash (bch) Supporter roger ver attends a Cryptocurrency Conference in Brazil, bleu=0.0629
summarize:major auditing firm pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc) switzerland has agreed to conduct an independent audit of the tezos foundation’s finances and operations, the foundation announced on monday. pwc, considered one of the "big four” auditing firms, will review the finances of the tezos foundation, which is holding hundreds of millions of dollars worth of cryptocurrencies and other assets raised from the project’s then-record initial coin offering (ico) in summer 2017. in a statement, the foundation — which underwent a major reshuffle earlier this year following months of infighting between tezos creators arthur and kathleen breitman and former foundation president johann gevers — stated that the audit is indicative of its commitment to operate with the "highest degree of integrity.”"the foundation is committed to operating, title=tezos foundation taps ‘big four’ firm pwc for independent audit, summary=pwc to Audit tezos Foundation’s Finances and Operations, bleu=0.0511
summarize:a cryptocurrency futures trading platform based in the uk called crypto facilities is launching a new futures product allowing traders to take positions on litecoin futures. crypto facilities ceo timo schlaefer spoke to ccn about the project."we have seen extremely strong growth in futures trading volumes, up 84% in q1 2018 on q4 2017, and we expect this to be at around 100% in q2 vs q1. monthly xrp volumes are at around $125mm (up from $30mm in february). we launched eth in may and have seen significant adoption of the product and expect around $150mm in volume this quarter, which is approximately a 10% share of our total volume which is excellent for a newly launched product.”crypto facilities’ current derivates offering includes bitcoin, ripple, and ethereum futures, with lite, title=interview: uk exchange crypto facilities launches litecoin futures trading, summary=UK Crypto Futures Trading Platform Launches Litecoin XRP, bleu=0.0
summarize:despite a spate of negativity stemming from nobel economists stemming from davos, there’s one holdout who has begun to show some interest. robert shiller, a yale economics professor who won the nobel prize for an empirical analysis of asset prices, at the 2018 world economic forum in davos, switzerland referred to bitcoin as a "clever idea,” one that he seemingly continues to contemplate despite his doubts. for all of bitcoin’s ingenuity, shiller likened it to the unidad de fomento, chile’s unit of account that he said reflects a similar attempt to "change” the fiat system. he actually favor’s the chilean approach for features such as adjusting for inflation and maintaining price stability, the latter of which cryptocurrencies thus far, title=‘the biggest theft in history’: what we know so far about the $530 million coincheck hack, summary=yale economist: Bitcoin is a “clever idea” and chile’s “unidad de fomento” is similar to fiat, bleu=0.0216
summarize:jed mccaleb, co-founder of ripple and the creator of the mt. gox exchange before selling it in 2011, claims a decentralized network is necessary for a cryptocurrency to be successful in the long term. this is why he split off from ripple to form stellar in 2014. a centralized financial payment system will be no better than paypal or swift, he told cnbc’s "fast money” on friday. he said decentralization provides the path to network growth and ubiquity. ripple is centralizedmccaleb said it is very difficult to run nodes outside of ripple labs, and the fact that the ripple team runs most of the nodes should concern people. mccaleb, who serves as stellar’s chief technology officer, said stellar is an internet level protocol. he said the protocol should be done by a non-profit entity,, title=majority of $550 million stolen nem already laundered: report, summary=Ripple Co-Founder Jed mccaleb Splits Off to Form a Non-Profit Cryptocurrency Exchange, bleu=0.0
summarize:earlier today blockchain evangelist caitlin long announced on linkedin that hb-70, the utility token ico bill passed the senate and is now on the governors desk. we reported on this bill last month when it passed the house. this marks a huge step for ico’s and has the potential to create a cryptocurrency hub in the state with a dearth of new economic activity. what is hb-70? hb-70 is proposed law in wyoming which aims to tackle the ambiguity surrounding the meaning of a "utility token”. while the issue has been tackled in the past by the infamous sec memo, much ambiguity still surrounds the definition with many deferring to the howey test derived from a supreme court case in the 1940’s to determine whether or not a token constitutes, title=wyoming utility token bill passes house and senate, summary=wyoming Legislator Passes Utility Token ICO Bill, bleu=0.0569
summarize:weeks after announcing they would be launching an attack on the network of bitcoin cash, hacker group bitpico has disclosed that the altcoin suffers from massive node centralization. a screenshot of the hacker group’s discoveries was published with one selected instance showing 98% of the ip addresses were physically located close to each other.98% of the shown nodes are sitting in the same server rack.— itpico (@bitpico) july 9, 2018in response to the screenshot showing the ip addresses, a twitter user cited information showing that the servers were hosted on a cloud farm belonging to chinese online retail giant alibaba.> show route receive-protocol bgp ************** | match 47.88.0.0 47.88.0.0/17 ************** 8000000 209 6453 45102 iaut-, title=bitcoin cash network highly centralized, 49% of all nodes run on alibaba’s facilities: bitpico, summary=Bitpico: Bitcoin Cash Has Massive Node Centralization, bleu=0.0179
summarize:"i am merely saying that the current constitution is not wise.”with that comment, daniel larimer — the creator of eos — proposed a fundamental restructuring of the fifth-largest cryptocurrency’s on-chain governance model. that governance model has become the subject of much controversy during the early days of the eos network, as block producers — the entities that verify transactions — have, at the behest of the eos core arbitration forum (ecaf), frozen dozens of user accounts for allegedly violating the eos constitution. larimer, who as the chief technical officer of block.one helped draft that constitution, proposed scrapping it during a recent discussion on the eosio gov telegram channel. he expressed concern that, although the system had noble intentions, forcing users into an arbitration system to which they did, title=do-over? dan larimer proposes scrapping the eos constitution, summary=eos creator proposes a fundamental restructuring of its on-chain governance model. daniel larimer: “the current constitution is not wise”, bleu=0.0257
summarize:aerospace giant boeing has announced its intention to tap blockchain technology to keep an eye on unmanned air vehicles used for cargo transport and urban air travel in the future. boeing is partnering artificial intelligence (ai) firm sparkcognition to develop a decentralized platform capable of ‘tracking unmanned air vehicles in flight and allocate traffic corridors and routes’ to ensure secure transportation, the company said in an announcement on tuesday. the collaboration will notably make use of blockchain technology to monitor boeing’s planned next-generation air vehicles that the company plans to deploy in a number of commercial applications including package delivery and urban air travel, the latter akin to those uber’s ‘air taxi’. boeing plans to use a "standardized programming interface to support package delivery, industrial inspection and other commercial applications,” the company added, without elaborating on any detail on the, title=kik beta app ‘kinit’ goes live on google play after $100 million ico, summary=Aerospace giant Boeing to Use Blockchain to Track Unmanned Air Vehicles, bleu=0.0
summarize:the bank of england has decided it will not launch its own cryptocurrency due to its possible impact on the financial system, according to ft advisor. the bank began researching cryptocurrencies in 2015 and was considering launching its own cryptocurrency. the bank continues to research cryptocurrencies, but it has decided that having its own such currency could have negative ramifications on traditional banks. the bank believes that consumers would choose its cryptocurrency over paper money and would stop using commercial bank accounts as well as paper money. concern about impact on banksthe central bank feared consumers would withdraw funds from commercial banks and those banks would not have the funds to pay their depositors, bringing havoc to the economy. the banks would also not be able to borrow from other banks. the central bank is also concerned that it would not be able to maintain financial stability using its interest rate policy. the demand for traditional paper money is fairly elastic, meaning it responds through price, title=bank of england drops plans for its own cryptocurrency, fearing instability, summary=Bank of england Will Not Launch Own Cryptocurrency due to Financial Impact, bleu=0.0677
summarize:bitcoin cash is gradually trying to maintain its position above $1,000 – at the time of writing, it is valued at 1,068.87. along with litecoin and dash, it is the only cryptocurrency in green in the top 10 list. one certain event can be linked to its increasing price: the gemini exchange. winklevoss twins considering bchtyler and cameron winklevoss talked about expanding their exchange to other cryptocurrencies including litecoin and bitcoin cash at the cboe risk management conference (rmc). both the gemini exchange and the chicage board options exchange (cboe), have a partnership such that cboe will only list currencies present on the twins’ platform, as per their deal which allows cboe to use gemini’s cryptocurrency data to calculate futures. so, only one of these companies have, title=bitcoin cash is up 5% on the day in contrast to market retreat, summary=Winklevoss Twins Talk About Expanding Gemini Exchange to Other Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0281
summarize:jun hasegawa, the founder and ceo at omisego, a billion dollar blockchain network launched on top of the ethereum protocol, has outlined the future of ethereum and the roadmap of its growth over the next two years. massive scaling and adoption by 20202017 was a year of speculation for both ethereum and projects launched on top of the public blockchain protocol. initial coin offerings (icos) and token sales garnered billions of dollars per quarter, exceeding the amount of money companies in the cryptocurrency and blockchain space raised from accredited investors and venture capital firms. the high level of speculation in the cryptocurrency industry was apparent in the rapid surge in the price of bitcoin, ether, and every other major digital asset, which increased by astronomical numbers since early 2017. ether for instance, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum blockchain protocol, increased from $10 to $1,500, by 150-fold,, title=where omisego founder sees massive ethereum scaling and adoption by 2020, summary=omisego CEO outlines ethereum’s Future and the Roadmap for its Growth, bleu=0.0446
summarize:the ethereum price increased by six percent on tuesday, surpassing the $1,200 barrier and raising its market share to nearly 16 percent. meanwhile, other top cryptocurrencies saw their markets turn sour after a data point adjustment at market statistics website coinmarketcap appears to have induced an artificial correction. cryptocurrency market cap briefly slips below $700 billionthe cryptocurrency market cap began the day above $750 billion, which appeared to be a moderate decline from its previous day level but actually reflected the fact that coinmarketcap had decided to stop factoring prices from south korean exchanges — which often trade far above their global averages — into their pricing algorithm. the website did a poor job of communicating this, leading most visitors to incorrectly believe that cryptocurrency prices were plunging across the board, particularly those — like ripple — that see heavy trading volume on bithumb and other, title=ethereum price continues to advance as other coins see cmc-induced correction, summary=ethereum Price Overtakes $1,200 as Cryptocurrency Market Turns Sour, bleu=0.0452
summarize:pornhub, the largest pornographic-video platform in the world, is set to integrate tron. in april, ccn reported that verge, a privacy-focused cryptocurrency, disclosed its strategic partnership with pornhub, with the announcement made by pornhub vice president corey price, who stated:"the volatility of crypto is concerning for subscriptions with recurring payments. as such, at present, we aren’t offering it for recurring payments, though we are in the process of working to do so. our services have fixed prices in fiat so the value in cryptocurrency will change”. nature of pornhub-verge partnershipthe initial partnership led investors to ponder about the nature of the pornhub-verge partnership and the motive behind the listing given that contrary to the optimism of pornhub towards the cryptocurrency market, the platform has not integrated any of the major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, title=what’s the motive behind pornhub’s listing of verge and now tron?, summary=Pornhub to Integrate Cryptocurrency tron, bleu=0.0263
summarize:venezuela’s assemblea nacional [national assembly] recently declared it believes the country’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro (ptr) is unconstitutional. through a public statement, the lawmakers denounced the cryptocurrency as a fraud, and a threat to those who invest in it. in the public statement, the lawmakers criticized the cryptocurrency’s token sale in general, which reportedly already raised $735 million. to the country’s national assembly, the petro is merely a symptom of the country’s ongoing political crisis. the lawmakers criticized the government’s "forced demand” for the cryptocurrency, as it was planning on forcing business and retirement accounts to accept the cryptocurrency. rafael guzmán, president of the body’s finance committee, claimed the petro is way for the government to embezzle funds, title=a fraud: venezuela’s national assembly declares petro unconstitutional, summary=Venezuela’s National Assembly Declares Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency is Unconstitutional, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency ethereum classic moved ahead of the market in recent hours when it surged by a further 15% on top of wednesday’s 20% gains and is now trading at around $13.80 on bitfinex. the upward gains follows crypto exchange giant coinbase’s announcement, posted on twitter, indicating that etc would be available for purchase and trading on that platform as from 5pm pst on thursday (later today). starting at 5pm pt tomorrow, coinbase consumer customers will be able to buy, sell, store and use ethereum classic (etc) on https://t.co/pl8hu0qdiw and through the mobile app. pic.twitter.com/qd7kgype0y— coinbase (@coinbase) august 15, 2018ethereum classic was at a two-month high of $18.5, title=coinbase effect: ethereum classic price surges ahead of listing, summary=Cryptocurrency ETC ethereum Classic Gains 15% on Bitfinex, bleu=0.0427
summarize:charlie leecryptocurrency-fueled scams seem to keep litecoin founder charlie lee up at night, based on a report in business insider. lee, who is an alum of both google and coinbase, spoke about the speculative nature of bitcoin and other cryptocurrency investing, saying that it’s not "bad” but instead a "natural progression,” adding that he sees nothing wrong with it. but lee, who himself has had to fight off rumors of manipulating the price of litecoin, pointed to pervasive scams in which participants are just in it for a quick buck. lee is quoted as saying:"it’s quite easy for a founder to pump a coin and make it seem like it’s the latest and greatest and it will cure world hunger, and the price can go up to $10 billion. and, title=litecoin to complement bitcoin as payments currency: founder charlie lee, summary=Cryptocurrency Scams Keep Litecoin founder charlie lee Up at Night, bleu=0.1413
summarize:blockchain is sizzling amid escalating media hype about its vast potential applications in finance, supply-chain management, healthcare, and even the music business. now, a trio of former google executives have launched a new blockchain community whose goal is to develop and promote blockchain initiatives. the xgoogler blockchain alliance (gba) is comprised of blockchain project managers, investors, and advisors, including andy tian, hitters xu, and daniel wang, according to a press statement. the trio has impressive backgrounds in the space. andy tian is the founder of gifto, an ethereum-based gifting platform that boasts more than 20 million users. hitters xu is the founder of nebulas, a next-generation public blockchain. and daniel wang is the founder of loopring,, title=data firm at center of facebook controversy planned $30 million ico: report, summary=Xgoogler Launches Blockchain Alliance to Promote Blockchain, bleu=0.0
summarize:privacy coin monero (xmr) successfully completes the first audit for its new "bulletproofs” protocol. in an official blog post back in december 2017, monero announced its intentions to pursue including the bulletproofs mechanism into its protocol. they stated that bulletproofs would lead to "massive space savings, better verification times, and lower fees.”. the deployment was supposed to happen in two stages and be available for the test network before being deployed onto the main network. bulletproofs were proposed by stanford’s applied cryptography group (acg) with contributions from the members of university college london and blockstream. bulletproofs are an advancement to range proofs of zero-knowledge proofs mechanism, utilized by zcash and some other cryptocurrencies. in privacy coins such as monero zero-knowledge proofs allow users to conceal their transaction amount from the, title=privacy coin monero successfully completes first “bulletproofs” audit, summary=Cryptocurrency Monero Completes First Audit for “Bulletproofs” Protocol, bleu=0.0
summarize:popular budget airline air asia has confirmed plans to foray into the fintech sector with the launch of a proprietary cryptocurrency called bigcoin. in an interview with the nikkei asian review, airasia founder and chief executive tony fernandes underlined the airline’s plan to expand into new markets alongside the launch of bigcoin, a proprietary cryptocurrency that will see its own initial coin offering (ico). it remains to be seen airasia is developing its own blockchain or intends to use an existing blockchain platform for bigcoin. based in malaysia, air asia is south-east asia’s largest budget airline by passenger traffic. the airline will turn its frequent flyer points into bigcoin, fernandes said, before revealing that ticket prices on the airline’s website will be revealed in bigcoin alongside prices in fiat currencies from this month on, title=‘bigcoin’: major budget airline airasia is developing a cryptocurrency, summary=budget airline air asia to Launch Cryptocurrency Bigcoin, bleu=0.086
summarize:questions surrounding one of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchanges and its relationship with embattled startup tether are set to receive a hearing from us regulators. the us commodity futures trading commission (cftc) sent subpoenas to both companies on december 6th, according to a bloomberg report, which cites an unnamed source familiar with the matter."we routinely receive legal process from law enforcement agents and regulators conducting investigations,” bitfinex and tether told bloomberg tuesday in an emailed statement. "it is our policy not to comment on any such requests.”bitfinex, which is home to the most heavily-traded btc/usd trading pair, is run by many of the same executives as tether, a company that has issued the dollar-pegged usdt token on both the, title=cftc subpoenas bitfinex and tether as questions mount over audit, summary=US Regulators Send Subpoenas to Bitfinex and tether, bleu=0.086
summarize:the enigma price jumped today on news that the company will partner with intel to develop privacy-preserving computing technologies. the price for the privacy-centric altcoin moved from $1.39 to $1.65 today, according to coinmarketcap, its best performance in more than a week, edging closer to the $2.16 peak it reached two weeks ago. source: coinmarketcapenigma’s price has hovered below the $2.00 mark since late may after reaching $3.17 on may 15. the price has struggled for most of the year after hitting $8.04 on jan. 10. enigma, intel ink partnership to develop privacy solutionsguy zyskind, founder and ceo of enigma, noted in a medium blog that the company has partnered with intel to develop privacy preserving computation technologies. enigma will use intel software guard extensions (sgxs),, title=enigma price bounces following intel partnership, summary=enigma Price Jumps to $1.65 as Intel Partners to Develop Privacy-Preserving Computing, bleu=0.0309
summarize:the tezos foundation, which supports the tezos project — itself designed to be a highly decentralized blockchain — has announced know your customer/anti-money laundering (kyc/aml) requirements for its contributors as the tezos beta test nears nearly a year after the then-record initial coin offering’s (ico) conclusion. in announcing the kyc/aml requirements, the foundation noted that it respects its contributors’ privacy, but nonetheless takes its responsibility seriously to comply with an evolving regulatory landscape. kyc/aml protocols have become the norm for blockchain projects, the statement noted. third-party oversightthe foundation has teamed with a third-party organization for its kyc/aml oversight. contributors that complete the requirements will be provided with an activation code that corresponds to public key hashes for their donation time period, title=tezos investors forced to undergo kyc nearly 1 year after ico, summary=tezos Foundation Announces Know Your Customer/Anti-Money Laundering Requirements for Contributors, bleu=0.0339
summarize:japanese police have reportedly questioned a domestic trader who converted a small portion of stolen nem from coincheck into litecoin as a part of an ongoing investigation. citing sources with an ear to the investigation of the recent major theft of nem tokens from japanese exchange coincheck, the nikkei is reporting that police have questioned at least one individual in connection with the hack. according to the publication, the unnamed individual had anonymously converted a small amount of the stolen nem coins – tagged by singapore-based nem foundation following the theft – into litecoin through a dark web website. the individual, who reportedly admitted to being aware that the nem sold was originally stoen from coincheck, was tracked by tokyo metropolitan police deparrtment’s cybercrime division after actively monitoring websites, title=tokyo police question nem trader over coincheck theft, summary=japanese Police Question Domestic Trader for Litecoin Hack, bleu=0.0
summarize:one of the main critiques about bitcoin is the digital currency’s troubles offering timely and cost-effective payments. charlie lee, the founder of litecoin, foresaw bitcoin’s future payment issues, and took action by designing a more payments-friendly blockchain. after earning the nickname, ‘satoshilite’, mr. lee earned a job at coinbase, the large san francisco-based crypto-exchange. mr. lee left coinbase last year. thereafter, he sold his litecoin so that he could act more freely as a champion for the digital currency he founded and not be accused of pumping and dumping. after a tough few years for bitcoin in the headlines when it comes to its payments weakness, attention might finally be turning to litecoin – which admittedly has existed under the shadows of the, title=litecoin payments are quietly starting to catch on, summary=Litecoin founder charlie lee sells his bitcoin to avoid accusations of pumping and dumping, bleu=0.0284
summarize:tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange coincheck has today announced a plan to compensate approximately 260,000 nem holders for $523 million xem that was illegally removed from coincheck. the cause of the hack is currently under investigation, according to a notice on the company’s website. similar events in other currencies including jpy have not been confirmed. on jan. 26, coincheck suspended some of its functions after an event occurred around 02:57 on that date. the company detected an abnormality around 12:07 and issued a notice regarding the temporary suspension of nem payments. at around 12:38, nem trading was temporarily suspended. at around 16:33, withdrawals of all handling currency including jpy were suspended, followed by the temporary suspension of trading other than btc, including credit card, pay day and convenience store activity. eventually, exchange executives confirmed the theft near the end of the day., title=coincheck announces compensation to 260,000 nem holders following major hack, summary=Tokyo-based Coincheck to Pay 260,000 Nem Holders for $523 Million Xem Hack, bleu=0.0367
summarize:dagong global credit rating, one of china’s biggest credit rating agencies, recently published a report commenting on venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro (ptr). per the report, the cryptocurrency "may help the global currency system return to its basic value.”while the agency doesn’t assert whether the petro can help venezuela’s economy, it points out the issuance of an oil-backed cryptocurrency is significant as it differentiates it from other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin that aren’t backed by any assets. venezuela’s effort, the agency wrote, can "generate useful lessons on how defects of the international currency system can be mended so that the system can return to its basic value.” being backed by the country’s oil reserves means the petro is protected from speculation and volatility, dagong reports., title=venezuela’s petro “may help the global currency system”: chinese credit rating giant, summary=China’s Biggest Credit Rating Agency Comments on Venezuelan Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency, petro, bleu=0.0312
summarize:"hands off my bacoin.” that’s the message a 27-year-old it worker has for oscar mayer. when oscar mayer launched what it called "the only leading authority to help lead bacon into the future of tomorrow – by creating a currency today,” they failed to recognize that kirk steele had created a cryptocurrency in 2014 called bacoin designed to be redeemed for strips of bacon, just like how oscar mayer’s bacoin is supposed to work. an oscar mayer youtube video gives credit for bacon’s creation to a "keith sizzle.”whether or not steele has a case against the food giant remains to be seen. on monday, steele sent a message to helloworld, the bacoin promotion administrator, asking oscar mayer to remove mentions, title=‘bacoin’ creator slaps oscar mayer with cease-and-desist letter, summary=oscar mayer’s bacoin is a cryptocurrency created to be redeemed for bacon strips, bleu=0.0309
summarize:the official twitter account for cryptocurrency project vertcoin has been compromised by scammers, developers confirmed on tuesday. shortly after 20:00 utc, vertcoin’s twitter account tweeted that the coin’s developers were holding a 10 bitcoin giveaway and that users should send 0.005 btc to a specific address to enter the contest. hey, everyone! vertcoin and staff are pleased to announce that we’re doing a 10 btc giveaway to our followers to celebrate vertcoin's success. send 0.005 to 3hu5sj7kb6wt9zrwpbhcrrr28vkwjfkmkf enter! winner will be announced 5/3/18 at 8pm est.— vertcoin (@vertcoin) may 1, 2018the tweet immediately raised suspicions among community members,, title=psa: vertcoin’s twitter account has been hijacked by scammers, summary=vertcoin’s official twitter account was compromised by scammers, developers confirm. 10 Bitcoin Giveaway: Send 0.005 btc to a Specific Address, bleu=0.0515
summarize:it’s been a tough week for most cryptocurrency investors, as the groundbreaking news that the world’s largest stock exchange operator is launching a bitcoin market failed to translate into bullish price movement. for ethereum classic supporters, however, the week could not have gone much better. coinbase pro begins taking ethereum classic depositsover the past two days, ethereum classic has been listed on two of the most prominent cryptocurrency trading platforms. yesterday, as ccn reported, ethereum classic became the sixth cryptocurrency listed on stock trading app robinhood, whose crypto trading service is now available in 19 u. s. states. earlier today, ethereum classic marked another milestone, as industry giant coinbase began accepting etc deposits on coinbase pro (formerly gdax), its order-book cryptocurrency exchange, with trading against both usd and other cryptoassets slated to, title=coinbase begins taking ethereum classic deposits, raises buy limit to $25,000, summary=ethereum Classic is the 6th Cryptocurrency listed on robinhood’s Stock Trading App, bleu=0.0312
summarize:lee sedol, the world’s top player of 4,500-year-old chinese board game go, is working on a blockchain version of his beloved game in association with the blockchain inc. sedol, was the fifth-youngest south korean to become a professional go player, at the age of 12, and he is widely considered to be the world’s most skilled player. google’s artificial intelligence alphago ended up beating the world championback in 2016, sedol went head-to-head with google’s ai, the alphago. the machine was able to beat both sedol, and french go player fan hui, five months prior. go is characterized as a highly complex game, making chess look like children’s play. now, two years after his defeat, sedol has announced he will, title=4,500-year-old board game ‘go’ gets blockchain revamp, summary=Lee sedol is Working on a Blockchain Version of his beloved board game go, bleu=0.0568
summarize:the mayor of lafayette, louisiana has proposed the city create its own cryptocurrency to raise money for public finance, taking a cue from berkeley, california, according to the acadia advocate. such blockchain-based municipal borrowing, should it materialize, could revolutionize local funding in the u. s. and beyond. joel robideaux, lafayette’s mayor-president, made the proposal during his annual address at the heymann center, calling his city a technology hub that will diversify the local economy and upgrade government services. the city is currently in severe economic straights and plans are in the works for additional taxes. alternative public financingrobideaux, like his counterparts in berkeley, sees cryptocurrency as a way to finance public works and allow citizens to participate in the financing. he called cryptocurrency an, title=ico relief: louisiana city considers own cryptocurrency in face of funding woes, summary=acadia: Lafayette Mayor to Create Cryptocurrency for Public Finance, bleu=0.0311
summarize:americans could soon be doing cryptocurrency transactions from their vehicles and arriving at their destinations faster. a subsidiary of dearborn, mich.-based ford motors has been granted a patent by the united states patent and trademark office for a cryptocurrency-fueled technology to power its cars. it’s called the cooperatively managed merge and pass (cmmp) it was filed in 2016 and was just granted to ford global technologies. cmmp is a token-based system that operates within its own ecosystem but also out on the open road. it’s a vehicle-to-vehicle or car-to-car communication platform on which — at the request of participating drivers and enabled by gps technology — cars can talk to one another about traffic patterns. the system would also monitor and collect data on drivers, which during a time when facebook is being skewered for data sharing could raise some concerns.", title=ford wins patent for cryptocurrency-fueled vehicle technology, summary=ford Motors Patents Cryptocurrency-Powered Vehicle-to-Car Communication Platform, bleu=0.0657
summarize:the eos mainnet has still not gone live, but it’s inching closer to activation now that the block producer voting threshold has reached two-thirds of the required participation. as ccn reported, blockchain development company block.one released the first version of the eosio software on june 2 at the conclusion of its yearlong initial coin offering (ico), which raised the firm $4 billion. more than a week (and dozens of bug reports) later, block producer candidates — organizations vying to earn a spot as one of the 21 entities who will verify transactions in the eos network — finally agreed to attempt to launch the eos mainnet. however, though technically launched, the mainnet cannot go live until 15 percent of the 1 billion total eos tokens vote for the network’s initial block producers. that process has been slow, as, title=eos mainnet now two-thirds of the way to activation, summary=the eos mainnet is inching closer to activation, but it’s still not ready to go live yet, bleu=0.0642
summarize:despite being offered a reported 30% discount in crude oil imports from venezuela for payment in petro, india has no plans to use the south american nation’s cryptocurrency after being hindered by its central bank crypto curbs. indian foreign minister sushma swaraj was addressed reporters during a news conference this week when she was asked about a venezuelan trade deal involving crude oil and a reported discount of 30 percent contingent on the purchase being made with the petro, venezuela’s state cryptocurrency. in response, the indian foreign minister said the country has no plans to use the petro in purchasing oil, citing an order from india’s central bank which does not permit trade using cryptocurrency. the indian official reportedly stated:"we cannot have any trade in cryptocurrency as it is banned by the reserve bank of india. we will see which, title=india won’t pay for venezuelan oil with ‘petro’ cryptocurrency, summary=India’s Central Bank Bans Cryptocurrency Trade, Says It Can’t Use It, bleu=0.0
summarize:fifty-two-year-old jung ki-joon led the regulatory effort to implement tighter controls on cryptocurrency trading. he was found deceased at home on sunday, according to a south korean government spokesperson cited in the wall street journal. jung ki-joon, who led economic policy for the office for government policy coordination, had taken a leadership role in coordinating cryptocurrency legislation as of year-end 2017. the focus of the effort was on combatting speculation and illegal activity in cryptocurrency trading, the stress of which was taking a noticeable toll on him, according to colleagues cited in local reports. at this early stage, there appear to be conflicting reports on the cause of death. local authorities have launched an investigation into his death, though news agencies there are reporting that jung ki-joon most likely suffered a heart attack. meanwhile, the spokesperson is quoted as saying:"he, title=82.4 million tokens: venezuela officially launches ‘petro’ cryptocurrency pre-sale, summary=52-year-old jung ki-joon Found Dead at Home, Report Says, bleu=0.0
summarize:the year-long eos initial coin offering (ico) wrapped up last week, and after raising approximately $4 billion block.one fulfilled its promise to release eosio 1.0, the first (and block.one’s only) version of the eos mainnet software. since block.one will not be participating in the mainnet launch, a variety of other launch groups have taken blockchain snapshots in preparation for distributing eos tokens purchased during the crowdsale phase to their owners in the network’s genesis block. using these snapshots, a reddit user compiled data about wealth distribution within the nascent eos ecosystem. we’ll dive into the data, but first, an important caveat. due to the complexity of registering tokens through the crowdsale interface, many eos investors chose to move their tokens to, title=less than 1% of eos addresses hold 86% of the tokens, summary=eos Investors Moved Their Tokens to Block.one’s genesis Block for Crowdsale, bleu=0.0309
summarize:bittorrent inc. has finally been acquired by justin sun, the founder of the tron cryptocurrency. after a letter of intent went wrong, there were doubts the deal would go through. it all came to light last month when torrentfreak first reported negotiations between bittorrent — now renamed to rainberry — and justin sun. at the time, no one really understood exactly what was happening, until eventually, rainberry confirmed what torrentfreak had uncovered. from its investigation, torrentfreak figured out sun had sent a letter of intent to acquire rainberry with a "no-shop” clause. this meant the torrent company was not allowed to negotiate any other deals while the letter was valid. rainberry eventually violated the clause and sun ended up suing the company. however, on the same day the letter expired, tron’s founder registered a company named, title=tron founder justin sun acquires bittorrent after legal battle, summary=Bittorrent Acquires Justin Sun, founder of tron Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0567
summarize:as covered by ccn, last year’s cryptocurrency mining ‘boom’ has led to a shortage in the gpu market. so much so that reports suggest using gpus to mine cryptocurrencies is stopping us from finding aliens, as these are also used in observatories. new data shows crypto miners actually bought 3 million gpus last year, worth roughly $776 million. this, according to a new report published by jon peddie research (jpr) that found amd is emerging as the primary cryptocurrency ‘mining rush’ benefactor over nvidia. the numbers have a major impact on the market as a whole and have even incurred the wrath of gamers, while chip manufacturers have seen the value of their shares soardr. jon peddie, president of jon peddie research, stated:"gaming has been and will continue, title=$776 million: cryptocurrency miners bought 3 million gpus in 2017, research reveals, summary=Amd is the Primary Cryptocurrency ‘Mining Rush’ benefactor over nvidia, Report Says, bleu=0.0265
summarize:major crypto exchange kraken recently released a sarcastic statement in response to the unforeseen decision of coinbase to list five new digital currencies. as ccn reported, on july 14, coinbase, the world’s largest crypto exchange and brokerage, announced its finalized plan to integrate cardano (ada), basic attention token (bat), stellar lumens (xlm), zcash (zec), and 0x (zrx). while coinbase emphasized that the company has not received the approval from regulators including the us securities and exchange commission (sec), it explained that the announcement was released to publicly express the company’s intent towards integrating the five digital assets. coinbase stated:"unlike ethereum classic, which is technically similar to ethereum, these assets require additional work that necessitates contact with many external parties. to ensure, title=kraken mocks coinbase, sarcastically claims it is listing 1,600 cryptocurrencies, summary=Crypto Exchange Kraken Releases Sarcastic Statement in Response to Coinbase’s Cryptocurrency List, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin gold investors might want to brace for impact because someone just moved approximately 664,000 btg — coins which had lain untouched since the blockchain forked away from the main bitcoin network last year. sell-off incoming? someone just split & moved 664,000 bitcoin goldon tuesday, approximately 664,000 btg were moved for the first time, the largest single-day increase since the network launch in november. as ccn reported, the fork officially occurred on october 25, although the developers premined the blockchain for several weeks before launching the btg network in mid-november. since the network was created through a fork of bitcoin, all btc holders received an equivalent number of btg coins on the new chain. most of these coins were claimed and moved in the first several weeks following the network, title=bitcoin gold sell-off? someone just split & moved 664,000 btg, summary=664,000 Bitcoin Gold Moved for the First Time after Fork of Bitcoin, bleu=0.0339
summarize:kin, a cryptocurrency developed by the makers of kik interactive, has gone live in the popular chat app for a group of 1,000 beta testers. kik, which raised nearly $100 million through the token’s initial coin offering (ico), will become the first application to integrate the cryptocurrency into its core platform."we believe that establishing kin as a pillar in our product strategy will help us create better experiences for kik users” said laura newton, product manager for kik, in a blog post accompanying the announcement."our goal is to make kin the most used cryptocurrency in the world and getting kin into the hands of more kik users is a critical step in achieving this,” said ted livingston, founder and ceo of kik and kin. he added:"blockchain is a new and complex technology, but consumers don’t have to understand, title=kin cryptocurrency goes live in mega chat app kik, summary=kik’s kin Launches in Chat App for 1,000 Beta Testers, bleu=0.0499
summarize:the crypto market has been extremely volatile over the past 24 hours, especially small tokens and digital assets, possibly due to the decline in volume in the past week. bitcoin’s weird movementsyesterday, on july 21, the price of bitcoin surged from $7,400 to $7,600 in a span of 10 minutes, with a spike demand on major cryptocurrency exchanges including binance and bitfinex. however, almost immediately after the spike, the price of bitcoin crashed from the higher end of $7,600 to the lower end of $7,300, bringing along other major digital assets and tokens as well. since then, the price of bitcoin has been very volatile in the range of $7,400, with decent volume and demand. still, the volume of bitcoin compared to its volume of last week is relatively low, and has decreased by over a billion dollars in the past 48 hours. subsequent to its large rally on july, title=0x gains 12% and tokens rise during volatile cryptocurrency markets, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Has Been Extremely Volatile Over the Past 24 Hours, bleu=0.0
summarize:a whitepaper published by decentralized content distribution platform tron appears to plagiarize at least two whitepapers written by protocol labs, the creator of both ipfs and filecoin. tron accused of plagiarizing filecoin, ipfs whitepapersthe charge was brought to light on sunday, when protocol labs founder juan benet tweeted out a picture alleging that at least 9 pages of tron’s english language version whitepaper were copied from either the ipfs or filecoin papers, both of which benet had co-written with other members of protocol labs. wow! absurd! tron's "paper" is mostly copied from other projects, or is super basic p2p passed off as original. zero references. archived that pdf in ipfs, in case they take it down: https://t.co, title=tron’s whitepaper appears to plagiarize from filecoin and ifps, summary=tron Plagiarizes ipfs, Filecoin Whitepapers: Founder of Cryptocurrency Labs, bleu=0.0
summarize:a venezuelan redditor recently decided to use donations received in nano to buy over 400 kg of food for his friends and family in the country, which is facing one of the deepest economic recessions yet. he’s now launching a movement to support others. as covered by ccn, the venezuelan crypto enthusiast, going by windows7733 on reddit, initially received a 0.5 nano donation, at press time worth about $1.16, to him equivalent to one month’s salary. after receiving said donation, the redditor thanked users in the nano subreddit, and ended up receiving a lot more. later on, windows7733 used 29.1 nano, now worth about $67.2, to buy over 100 kg of food. users kept on donating and approaching the redditor, and in a new update, he revealed he, title=venezuelan launches “adopt a family” movement after buying 400 kg of food with crypto, summary=venezuelan Redditor Uses Nano Donations to Buy 400 kg of Food for Friends and Family, bleu=0.1051
summarize:venezuelan president nicolás maduro claimed the pre-sale of the country’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro (ptr), has raised $5 billion and recorded over 186,000 certified purchases, according to local news source telesur. the announcement came during a meeting with members of the united socialist party of venezuela (psuv), in caracas. during the meeting, maduro explained that the money raised from the cryptocurrency’s pre-sale will be used to "service everything our country needs.” per his words, the money is part of a wider "economic solution” the venezuelan government put together. additionally carlos vargas, the country’s cryptocurrency superintendent, revealed that over 83,000 individuals from 127 countries attempted to purchase the oil-backed cryptocurrency. among them, were 3,523 entrepreneurs. as previously covered by, title=venezuelan president claims petro pre-sale raked in $5 billion, summary=petro Pre-Sale Raised $5 Billion, Over 186,000 Purchases, venezuelan President Says, bleu=0.0675
summarize:new research suggests that cryptocurrency startup tether — creator of dollar-pegged stablecoin usdt — has a banking relationship with puerto rican financial institution noble bank. on monday, bitmex research published a report examining newly-released data related to puerto rico’s financial system for the calendar year ended 2017. this data — which was published by puerto rico’s commissioner of financial institutions — indicated that bank deposits in the international finance entities (ife) category exploded by 248 percent to $3.3 billion in the fourth quarter, while total assets in this category grew by 161 percent. as bitmex noted, this surge in deposits correlated with the cryptocurrency market’s dramatic upswell, and tether’s market cap grew by 215 percent during the same period. source: bitmex researchmoreover, cash deposits as, title=research suggests tether has banking relationship with puerto rico-based noble bank, summary=Crypto Startup tether has a Banking Relationship with the Noble Bank, Research Says, bleu=0.0629
summarize:the stellar price soared by 33 percent on tuesday following its addition to cryptocurrency exchange okex. stellar price leaps by 33 percentit’s been a good month for projects founded by jed mccaleb. the developer’s former project — ripple — returned the best performance of any cryptocurrency in 2017, and the token’s price has increased by nearly 1,000 percent since the beginning of december. meanwhile, stellar — mccaleb’s current project — has quietly surged to the eighth spot in the market cap rankings with a total valuation of just over $10 billion. in the past week, the stellar price has more than doubled, from $0.22 on dec. 26 to $0.56 on jan. 2, and the rally was capped off by 33 percent leap on tuesday. source: coinmarketcapthe majority of xlm trading is, title=putin orders work on ‘cryptoruble’ to escape western sanctions, summary=xlm’s stellar price jumps 33 percent as it joins okex exchange, bleu=0.0
summarize:chengpang zhao, ceo of crypto exchange binance is the proud new owner of a twitter account with a verified blue check mark symbol on it. despite zhao being the third richest person in the cryptocurrency industry with a net worth well over $1 billion, his twitter account was among those of regular folk since he first signed up back in august of 2017. good old fashioned third-party credibilityin his tweet confirming verification status, zhao reminds the crypto faithful not to trust anyone that promises to send you more eth because you generously give yours to them:"one more time, no one will not sent you more eth just because sent them some. the world doesn’t work that way. binance "quietly” launched a charity, it is for people in real need, not just because you sent one transaction.”zhao is referring to, title=scam-free: binance ceo officially receives twitter verification, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Binance’s Ceo Has a Verified Twitter Account, bleu=0.0
summarize:earlier in the year cryptocurrency dash and the blockchain research lab of arizona state university announced a us$350,000 partnership. now, out of a study conducted under the partnership, a report dubbed ‘block propagation applied to nakamoto network’ has been released highlighting the scaling challenges as well as the potential opportunities for the dash blockchain. to conduct the research whose aim was to investigate the scaling limitations that dash faces, networks had to have a minimum of 6,000 nodes in each simulation. additionally, in order to account for variance, the research effort ensured that the period the simulations were run was long enough to guarantee that a minimum of 700 blocks were simulated. block propagation protocolsthe researchers also assumed that all miners mined similar block sizes. the research effort focused on three block propagation protocols."specifically we simulated the dash network employing three block propagation protocols, title=blocks above 0.9mb uneconomical for dash crypto miners, study finds, summary=Cryptocurrency Dash and arizona State University Announce US$350,000 Partnership, bleu=0.0
summarize:the neo price climbed by approximately eight percent on thursday after the project entered what developers are calling the "era of decentralization.”neo price climbs despite sluggish crypto marketthe eight percent increase wasn’t the most impressive performance the asset has seen, but it was made more so due to the fact that it occurred against the backdrop of a sluggish day for the overall cryptocurrency markets. at one point, neo managed to climb to 10th in the market cap rankings, though it has since fallen back behind tether. as of the time of writing, neo was valued at $41.36 and had an aggregate market cap of $2.7 billion. the bitcoin price, in contrast, declined one percent for the day, and most other large-cap coins fell by between three and six percent. neo/usd price chartneo’s, title=8% gains: neo price defies stagnant market as network enters ‘era of decentralizatoin’, summary=neo Price Climbs 8 Percent Despite Sluggish Crypto Market, bleu=0.0291
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has rebounded over the past 24 hours, as the bitcoin price rose by around 3 percent and other major cryptocurrencies such as ethereum and bitcoin cash recorded gains in the 3 to 8 percent range. bitcoin and ethereumsince bitcoin’s failed test of the $10,000 support level and the scheduled sec hearing on ethereum on may 7 did not occur, both bitcoin and ethereum have struggled to record gains against the us dollar. most tokens such as ziliqa (zil) and 0x (zrx) outperformed both cryptocurrencies, demonstrating gains of over 20 percent. earlier this week, the federal reserve released a report which noted that the launch of bitcoin futures has had a negative impact on the bitcoin price, and that bitcoin has not been able to sustain its momentum since cme and cboe introduced bitcoin futures to the us market.", title=ethereum, bitcoin cash, ziliqa record big gains in crypto market rebound, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Rebounds as Bitcoin Price Rises 3%, ethereum and Bitcoin Cash Gain, bleu=0.0313
summarize:eight major cryptocurrency exchanges in the south korean market including korbit, coinone, upbit, coinplug, rippleforyou, and coinpia have been fined in the range of $10,000 to $25,000 for having poor security measures. fined for poor securitywith the exception of bithumb, the largest cryptocurrency exchange in south korea, which is also the second biggest trading platform in the global cryptocurrency market, the majority of cryptocurrency exchanges in the country have been fined by south korea communications commission (kcsc). the eight cryptocurrency exchanges that were fined for a total amount of $130,000 are said to be in violation of the information and communication network act and privacy act. according to yonhap news, a south korean mainstream media outlet, kcsc alongside the ministry of science, technology, and information, and the south internet development agency launched, title=australia’s biggest gold refiner plans gold-backed cryptocurency, summary=South Korea Fines 8 Cryptocurrency Exchanges for Poor Security, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets continued to struggle this weekend against the setback caused by a false regulatory announcement from south korea this past week, as the top 10 currencies posted losses in the mid-single digits to the mid-teens in the last 24 hours. among the top 15 currencies, 11th ranked neo managed to squeak out a 0.56% gain, while 15th ranked icon project managed a 15.56% rise. while the market recovered shortly after the cryptocurrency trading ban rumors were refuted by the south korean government and the blue house, the executive office of president moon jae-in, on jan. 12, the market suffered another major correction this weekend. among the top 100 cryptocurrencies, only 20 managed not to lose valuation in the last 24 hours, according to ccn.com. biggest loss among top 10: cardanoamong the top, title=crypto market continues to struggle in wake of south korea fiasco, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Top 10 Cryptocurrencies Lose Valuation in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0173
summarize:goldman sachs-backed fintech startup, circle has announced that it will be adding zcash to its circle invest platform. the platform, released following beta testing in march, aims to compete with coinbase, providing users with instant, commission-free crypto asset trading. it provides a simple service that lets users buy cryptocurrencies with ease. circle invest users can purchase and invest as little as $1 and the service does not command a fee, although it says the spread between buy and sell orders is approximately one percent. at launch, the app supported bitcoin (btc), bitcoin cash (bch), ethereum (eth), litecoin (ltc), and ethereum classic (etc), but at the time circle invest promised to add other altcoins. today’s announcement confirms that the next addition is zcash. zcash is a decentralised and, title=circle invest adds zcash trading in bid to compete with coinbase, summary=Circle Adds zcash to its Circle Investment Platform, bleu=0.0451
summarize:on tuesday, u. s. international wire transfer startup wyre announced a strategic partnership with makerdao. we’ve written about wyre several times in the past: first when they raised a $5.8 million series a led by chinese firm amphora capital. the firm went on to acquire bejing-based remsity as they took on china. at the time — april 2017 — we reported that they were processing $50 million a month, but mr. dunworth had predicted transactions would scale up to $70-75 million per month in the aftermath of the acquisition. the agreement with makerdao will allow instantaneous movement of "fiat currency directly into and out of dai”. dai is a stablecoin governed by maker (of the makerdao project). so, title=interview: michael dunworth, ceo of money transfer service wyre, on makerdao partnership, summary=u.s. wire transfer startup wyre Signs Strategic Partnership with Makerdao, bleu=0.0315
summarize:cardano creator charles hoskinson is wont to complain that his project gets unfairly overlooked by mainstream media outlets, but the cryptocurrency, eighth-largest in the world by market cap, has nevertheless attracted the attention of one of the world’s largest tech companies: google. hoskinson, an ethereum co-founder and co-creator of blockchain development firm iohk, was recently invited to google’s london headquarters to introduce employees to cardano and answer questions about the ouroboros protocol. the session, the transcript of which has been published on the iohk blog, saw hoskinson and iohk director of engineering duncan coutts conduct a deep dive into the economics and technical specifications of cardano, as well as present their vision for the blockchain industry writ-large., title=cardano creator iohk does deep dive on ada at google’s london hq, summary=iohk co-founder charles hoskinson to Google for Cardano Demonstration, bleu=0.0342
summarize:shapeshift, a cryptocurrency exchange, has been pulled into the bitcoin cash (bch) versus bitcoin (btc) debate by partnering with the @bitcoincom wallet that exchanges btc for bch. shapeshift has stated via a tweet there was a miscommunication in its latest announcement concerning its partnership with the @bitcoincom wallet. shapeshift stands by its offering to provide its api integration services for the wallet, but it also stands by its position to refer to bitcoin as bitcoin, and not bitcoin core. some have criticized the marketing practices of bitcoin.com regarding bch. two days ago, shapeshift announced that it has integrated its full api to support bitcoin.com wallet user exchange between btc and bch and vice versa. it noted the bitcoin.com wallet app became available in mid 2017 and more than 1.7 million wallets have been created on, title=news outlet salon is mining monero as an alternate revenue source, summary=Shapeshift Pulls into Bitcoin Cash versus Bitcoin Debate by Partnering with @bitcoincom, bleu=0.0
summarize:the venezuelan government has recently stated that "false information” about its oil-backed petro cryptocurrency has been published online. according to reuters, the government is rejecting a leaked, allegedly fake, petro whitepaper. the superintendence of venezuelan cryptoassets and related activites, bullishly announced late last year by president nicolás maduro to "govern” the cryptocurrency and its transactions, told reuters the whitepaper is false. the entity said:"via some digital media, false information has been published regarding a white paper on venezuela’s cryptocurrency, the petro, which we categorically reject.”according to the superintendence, the real petro whitepaper will "soon” be made public by the country’s president, ni, title=fake news: venezuela rejects “false information” on petro whitepaper, summary=venezuelan Government Declares “False Information” on Oil-Backed Petro Whitepaper, bleu=0.0427
summarize:the u. s. supreme court has denied ross ulbricht’s petition for writ of certiorari, preventing the silk road operator from appealing his life sentence before the high court. the court on thursday included ulbricht v. united states in a list of 19 certiorari denied by the court, apparently bringing ulbricht’s legal saga to what supporters have characterized as a "devastating” close. scotus denied #rossulbricht cert petition this morning after holding it pending carpenter. this is a no on internet privacy and ross's case. devastating. #freeross https://t.co/u9zwh2fqgj— free_ross (@free_ross) june 28, 2018as ccn reported,, title=as tezos prepares for launch, a year in review, summary=ross ulbricht’s petition for writ of certiorari denied by u.s. Supreme Court, bleu=0.0263
summarize:akon, a senegalese-american rapper and solar energy entrepreneur, plans to offer a cryptocurrency in two weeks to help improve conditions in africa, according to page six. speaking at the cannes lions international festival of creativity in cannes, france, the entertainer and entrepreneur told a panel that cryptocurrency and blockchain technology could empower people in africa and offer a more secure currency that enables them to advance themselves independent of the government. goal: a city based on cryptoakon said he plans to develop a city that is completely based on the cryptocurrency, which he says will be called akoin. the 2,000 acres granted to akon by senegal’s president will be called "akon crypto city,” according to the akoin website. the city will be the first in which a cryptocurrency will be the basis of transactions. a, title=grammy winner akon to launch cryptocurrency ‘akoin,’ build ‘crypto city’ in senegal, summary=senegalese rapper Akon to Launch Cryptocurrency in Africa, bleu=0.031
summarize:willy woo, a respected cryptocurrency, and digital asset analyst, recently stated that the bitcoin price might likely fall below the $6,000 mark in the short-term. recent market strugglessince mid-may, ever since the bitcoin price failed to test a major support level at $10,000, the cryptocurrency market has been on a continuous decline. the vast majority of tokens and small cryptocurrencies have followed the price trend of bitcoin and ethereum. on both the upside and downside, the price movement of tokens intensified, recording larger drops than bitcoin during minor corrections. on may 25, woo noted that the bitcoin price would likely dip below the $6,000 level and test $5,500 to $5,700 as a long-term support level. in previous reports, ccn noted that the $6,500 mark is an important resistance level which bitcoin has been able to bounce off of since early january. in the short-term, title=porn star stormy daniels now accepts vice industry token on official website, summary=Bitcoin Price Could Fall Below $6,000 in the Short-Term, Analyst Says, bleu=0.0
summarize:gibraltar united, a premium division football team, will become the first football team to pay its players in cryptocurrency next season, according to the guardian. team owner pablo dana, who has invested in quantocoin, a platform designed to provide cryptocurrencies for everyday uses, has started a sponsorship partnership, one of several instances of football teams and athletes finding use for cryptocurrencies. gibraltar’s financial sector has embraced blockchain technology and is leading the state in its adoption. in january, the government introduced regulations for businesses using blockchain technology. the government also plans to introduce a regulatory framework for icos. transparency needed in footballwhere gibraltar as a nation is hoping to bring legitimacy to crypto trading, dana said gibraltar united wants to bring more transparency to football, believing that the technology will reduce the corruption that has befallen the sport. cryptocurrency has also provided a, title=gibraltar united to become first football club to pay players in cryptocurrency, summary=Gibraltar United to Pay Players in Crypto, bleu=0.0382
summarize:investors have another cryptocurrency fund to choose from. former ubs banker jan brzezek has launched a new cryptocurrency fund and is targeting $10 million by month’s end, as per bloomberg. the crypto fund is currently domiciled offshore and is passive in nature (though an active product is planned for the summer), tracking the performance of the maiden blue-chip index for cryptocurrencies, said brzezek. he is seeking approval from swiss regulators to broaden the reach of the fund to more clients. brzezek’s move from traditional banking to cryptocurrencies is indicative of a notable trend of similar moves, one that extends to a former blackrock pair that decamped from the world’s largest asset management firm to run a crypto hedge fund. meanwhile, a trio of former goldman sachs employees unveiled an etf-like, title=8 major south korean cryptocurrency exchanges fined $130,000 for poor security standards, summary=former ubs banker launches $10 Million Cryptocurrency Fund, bleu=0.0306
summarize:despite the strong volume of the crypto market, major digital assets including bitcoin, ripple, bitcoin cash, ethereum, and eos recorded large losses against the us dollar. while bitcoin demonstrated a slight 1 percent decline in value, ripple, bitcoin cash and eos, the third, fourth, and fifth largest cryptocurrencies in the global market by valuation, lost six percent of their value against the us dollar on july 6. strong volumethe volume of bitcoin and ether, the native cryptocurrency of the ethereum protocol, has increased to $4.9 billion and $1.8 billion respectively, from $3 billion and $1 billion last week. hence, the four-day stability from july 2 to july 6 showed that bitcoin was expected to move by a large margin either to the upside and downside. a fall below from the current level to the $6,300 mark will likely lead the btc price to fall below the, title=crypto market loses $13 billion as bitcoin, ripple, and bitcoin cash record 6% losses, summary=Bitcoin, ethereum, and Ripple Lose 6 Percent of Their Value against the US Dollar, bleu=0.0513
summarize:cboe, the world’s largest futures exchange, has filed for a bitcoin etf with the us securities and exchange commission (sec), to enable investors in the public market to trade bitcoin. bitcoin-only etfthe official document filed by cboe with the sec emphasized that the trust, referring to cboe, will only invest in bitcoin on behalf of investors. essentially, cboe will facilitate over-the-counter (otc) trades amongst accredited investors in the traditional finance market, while insuring funds in bitcoin acquired by investors. the document read:"according to the registration statement, the trust will invest in bitcoin only. the activities of the trust are limited to: issuing baskets in exchange for the cash and/or bitcoin deposited with the cash custodian or trust, respectively, as consideration; purchasing bitcoin from various, title=venezuelan crypto enthusiast buys 102 kilos of food from nano donations amid hyperinflation, summary=cboe Files for Bitcoin etf to Allow Investors to Trade Bitcoin, bleu=0.0
summarize:in merely three hours, the crypto market has lost more than $9 billion of its valuation, as the price of tokens and small market cap cryptocurrencies dropped substantially. tokens plunge 10% off of 2% decline of bitcoinafter demonstrating a relatively strong corrective rally, the crypto market saw a decline in the value of tokens, which recorded 30 to 50 percent gains against the us dollar over the past 48 hours. nano, zilliqa, and aelf, the best performers against both the us dollar and bitcoin on august 17, dropped by 18 percent, 13 percent, and 12.9 percent respectively, becoming the worst performers on august 18. worst performers of august 18, data provided by coinmarketcapsome analysts have attributed the decline in the price of tokens in the past three hours to the overly strong recovery of the cryptocurrency market, which was triggered as the crypto market reached oversold conditions. respected cryptocurrency trader and fx market, title=crypto market loses $9 billion in hours as tokens drop 10% on average, summary=Crypto Market Loses $9 Billion in 3 Hours as Token Price Drops, bleu=0.063
summarize:the cryptocurrency markets made a bearish pivot on wednesday, plunging nine of the 10 largest cryptocurrencies into negative territory. the ripple price bore the brunt of the blow and fell 20 percent to sink below the $2 mark, but the damage was not isolated to xrp. ethereum, meanwhile, continued to advance toward record highs in spite of the poor performance of the wider markets. altogether, the combined value of all cryptocurrencies shed more than $28 billion, a four percent decline that reduced the cryptocurrency market cap to $700.3 billion. source: coinmarketcapbitcoin price drops below $14,000the bitcoin price posted yet another disappointing return following its weekend surge to $17,252, declining six percent to $13,789 on cryptocurrency exchange bitfinex. at present, bitcoin’s global average is holding just above $14,000, which translates into a market cap of $235.4 billion.24, title=ripple price plunges 20% but ethereum continues to rise in shaky market, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops below $14,000, ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin Rise, bleu=0.0215
summarize:let’s go over what happened in crypto last week. price watch:bitcoin price is down 1% this week after dropping around $1,000 last week. the drop comes in stark contrast to what some high-profile analysts had predicted. investors have been waiting patiently to regain the all-important $10,000 support level. ethereum is up 5% this week after being down around 8% last week. the price rise comes as ethereum regains some momentum. steve wozniak came out as a bull this week saying ethereum could be "as influential as apple”. the enterprise ethereum alliance also launched a new platform with some important features aimed at developers. the entire crypto market remained flat this week after falling almost 10% this week. the move comes despite strong performances from several altcoins and strong expectations due to historic price performance during consensus with the conference normally resulting in, title=more whales, bans, and an optimistic cookie monster: this week in crypto, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: ethereum Recovers as Crypto Market Remains Flat, bleu=0.0261
summarize:exclusively populated by afrikaners, the town of orania located in the remote parts of south africa’s northern cape province, has had its own currency known as the ora since 2004. pegged to the rand, the orania chamber of commerce has been responsible for printing the community’s currency. now the town of approximately 1,600 people is experimenting with a digital currency version of the ora, the e-ora, as a way of further solidifying their independence. safe-haven from devaluation or hyper-inflationaccording to the associated press, the experiment began in january though the idea had been announced last year as ccn had reported. per the orania chamber of commerce chairman, daniel dames, the e-ora will offer respite if the south african rand suffers from hyper-inf, title=south africa’s secluded whites-only orania community is testing a digital currency, summary=afrikan town of orania is experimenting with an e-currency version of the ora, bleu=0.0367
summarize:another class-action lawsuit, along with a restraining order, has been filed against uk-based bitconnect, this one in kentucky. brian paige is suing bitconnect for an undisclosed sum for operating an alleged online investment scam — a ponzi scheme — in the second such lawsuit filed against the lending and exchange platform in a week. at least 100 members have joined the class action, reflecting an "amount in controversy” that surpasses $5 million. the latest class-action lawsuit was filed in the us district court for kentucky, louisville division on jan. 29. paige is being represented by jasper ward of jones ward plc in louisville, kentucky and abigale rhodes green of an injury law firm that bears her name. according to the complaint, title=bitconnect is facing its second class action lawsuit, summary=brian paige is suing bitconnect for an undisclosed sum for operating an alleged online investment scam, bleu=0.0291
summarize:kevin warsh, a former u. s. federal reserve governor, recently told the new york times the fed should give serious consideration to releasing a government-sponsored cryptocurrency — commonly called a "fedcoin.”warsh is among a group of investors in basis, formerly basecoin, a cryptocurrency designed with an algorithmic central bank that will keep the price stable. warsh, was a fed governor from 2006 to 2011 and was a leading contender to become its chairman last year. had he returned to the fed, warsh said he would have assigned a team to explore a "fedcoin.” he does not see such a coin replacing cash, but he views it as a way to conduct monetary policy when the next crisis occurs. he noted that most central banks believe cryptocurrency assets are prone to fraud and investor losses. a distinguished visiting, title=former federal reserve governor supports ‘fedcoin’ project, summary=former u.s. Federal Reserve Governor: Fed Should Consider Fedcoin, bleu=0.0309
summarize:italian cryptocurrency exchange bitgrail has once again suspended operations after briefly re-opening most of its trading markets on tuesday. the exchange, which has been immersed in controversy since 17 million nano tokens (xrb) — now worth approximately $140 million — went missing in february, re-opened trading for all coins except xrb at 10:00 utc. by 13:20, the platform had once again been shut down — this time allegedly in response to a court order."this morning, following the re-opening, we were notified of a deed by the court of florence requesting the immediate closure of bitgrail and this situation will persist until a decision is made by the courts, about the precautionary suspension request made by the bonelli law office on behalf of a client,” bitgrail wrote in a, title=‘hacked’ crypto exchange bitgrail shuts down 3 hours after re-launch, summary=Bitgrail Reopens Trading for All Cryptocurrencies Except xrb, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has dropped by more than $42 billion in the last three days, from $412 billion to $370 billion. the daily trading volume of the market also declined by around $3 billion, from $22 billion to $19 billion. poor conditionsearlier today, on may 18, the bitcoin price dipped below the $8,000 mark, entering the $7,000 region for the first time since mid-april. traders that expected the blockchain week in new york and the consensus 2018 event, the largest cryptocurrency conference in the world, to push the cryptocurrency markets upwards throughout may. however, the downtrend of bitcoin after falling below a key resistance level at $8,200 was too strong for bitcoin to regain any sort of momentum and immediately bounce back. throughout this week, ccn reported that the $8,200 resistance level and $8,800 support level of bitcoin are two important thresholds traders have to keep a close eye on because breaking either one, title=cryptocurrency market loses $42 billion in 3 days as tokens struggle, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Drops $42 Billion in 3 Days, Daily Trading Volume Declines to $19Billion, bleu=0.0647
summarize:brave, the web browser funded through an initial coin offering (ico), has surpassed three million monthly active users and anticipates growing that number to five million by the end of the year. the browser, created by javascript creator and mozilla co-founder brendan eich, announced the passage of this milestone on thursday, highlighting the phenomenal growth that the browser has seen since last summer when it raised $36 million during the 30-second ico for the platform’s basic attention token (bat). perhaps even more significantly, the brave browser is now a top 10-app in the google play store’s "free communication apps category” in 21 countries, including the u. s., canada, france, south korea, and argentina. more than 18,000 publishers and content creators (including ccn) have registered as verified publishers, enabling them to collect bat donated by, title=crypto-powered brave browser passes 3 million monthly active users, summary=javaScript-Created Browser Brave Reaches 3 Million Monthly Active Users, bleu=0.0477
summarize:the bear market continued on wednesday morning as the top cryptocurrencies saw losses that varied from the high single digits to double digits in cases. bitcoin was the main catalyst for this slump as it tanked down by 8% to the $7,545 level on bitfinex at around 0800cest. although there were indications that the cryptocurrency market seemed to have shaken off the bear cycle of the past two months, these recent developments have shown that this is not yet the case. on tuesday, bitcoin was trading at around the $8,100 level but after dropping below the $8,000 mark, it rapidly careened down to $7,700 before dropping below the $7,500 mark at one point. it then recovered slightly to trade at over $7,500. bitcoin cash also suffered a considerable decline, although the drop was not as large as that observed in others. the cryptocurrency which incidentally celebrates its first, title=bitcoin slides to $7,500 as major currencies fall in general market slump, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Cardano, EOS, Oculus Rift: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0
summarize:augur, which its co-founder joey krug previously described as the most complex decentralized application (dapp) on the ethereum blockchain, has surpassed a million dollars at stake and demonstrated a rapid growth rate over the past few weeks. future of decentralized bettingin essence, augur is a decentralized betting platform that exists on the ethereum network. because it utilizes smart contracts to autonomously settle bets and payout users, users can practically bet on any subject, topic, or an event. since its launch in mid-july, the decentralized prediction platform has demonstrated a rapid rate of growth, portrayed by the increase in its user base, daily volume, and the amount at stake on the platform. as of july 25, according to the data provided by predictions. global, a platform which allows augur users to view various prediction markets on the augur network,, title=most complex dapp on ethereum already has millions of dollars at stake, summary=Augur Overtakes Millions in Bets and Shows Rapid Growth Rate, bleu=0.0
summarize:forks have been a hot topic recently due to the debates that they spark, and the potential for a new digital asset to come from contentious decisions. in a recent turn of events, the sia community has been undergoing a bit of internal debate regarding whether or not to deploy a soft-fork that would bolster asic mining competition outside of the umbrella of nebulous – the managers of the sia codebase. nebulous expands into asic manufacturingsia, the brain-child of david vorick and luke champine, initially released back in 2015 as a means to decentralize file storage by offering individuals the ability to rent out their unused hard drive space for compensation. the technology featured file encryption against hosts wishing to view stored data, file redundancy by spreading data to a wide range of hosts, and smart contracts enabling payments, title=the siacoin question: to fork or not to fork?, summary=nebulous Expands into Asic Manufacturingsia to Decentralize File Storage, bleu=0.0382
summarize:days after granting its sixth-ever bitlicense to cryptocurrency wallet xapo, new york has approved fintech startup square to operate in the state, enabling its users buy and sell bitcoin. the new york department of financial services (nydfs) announced on monday its formal approval of square’s application for a virtual currency license, also known as ‘bitlicense’. commonly acknowledged and often-criticized as the strictest us state low governing cryptocurrencies, this is the seventh bitlicense granted to a company – nearly 3 years after bitcoin startup circle earned the first license in september 2015. square, which notably has an existing money-transmitter license from the dfs, began supporting bitcoin through its popular ‘cash’ app earlier this year. in doing so, the digital payments firm offered instant buying and selling of the world’s most prominent cryptocurrency through its platform."we are thrilled to now provide new york, title=eos vulnerability will lead to ‘massive exchange hack’, predicts cornell blockchain researcher, summary=New York Approves Fintech Startup Square to Buy and Sell Bitcoin, bleu=0.0312
summarize:the process took nearly two arduous weeks, but the eos blockchain has officially gone live. according to data from uk-based block producer eos authority, the blockchain went live at approximately 17:46 utc, immediately after block producer voting passed the 15 percent threshold necessary to activate the network. the mainnet had technically launched a week earlier — after the various eos launch groups finally agreed to attempt to activate the network — but it could not become functional until users staked 15 percent of the total supply of eos tokens to vote for the network’s 21 block producers, who verify transactions on the platform. few users were quick to stake their tokens, and less than one-third of the required 150 million tokens had been staked as of tuesday. however, voting picked up over the next several days, particularly once cryptocurrency exchanges began to stake tokens, title=eos mainnet goes live as block producer voting passes 15% threshold, summary=eos Blockchain Goes Live after Users Stake 15 Percent of the Supply of Tokens, bleu=0.0338
summarize:eccentric cybersecurity pioneer and initial coin offering (ico) promoter john mcafee says that he is releasing a physical cryptocurrency called the "mcafee redemption unit” (mru). the currency, announced on twitter and confirmed by mcafee in a subsequent interview with regional outlet crypto-news india, appears to be distinct from mcafee coin, which launched last year to little market demand and appears to no longer have a working website. the physical notes come in seven denominations, ranging from 1 to 500 mrus. four of the notes feature pictures of mcafee in various stages of undress, including one in which he is surrounded by women, his nose covered in white powder (it’s a screenshot from this video). the other three mru notes feature pictures of bitmain founder jihan w, title=eccentric ico promoter john mcafee says he’s releasing a physical cryptocurrency, summary=ICO Promoter john mcafee Releases Cryptocurrency called “mru”, bleu=0.0759
summarize:an electric vehicle charging station in the netherlands is now using iota’s tangle technology for feeless machine-to-machine communication. elaadnl, a solar- and wind power- fueled smart-charging initiative by the dutch grid operators, has teamed up with iota for the maiden dlt-fueled charging station for electric vehicles. the charging station is located in the arnhems buiten campus, which is a business park test site open to the public where customers can access machine-to-machine charging and smart-meter like payments for parking and the energy they consume to power up their electric cars. a developer offers a glimpse into what the code looks like –source: medium"we see the potential of dlts, and we thought: ‘could we integrate this into a charge station, title=iota-fueled electric vehicle charging station unveiled in the netherlands, summary=elaadnl is using iota’s tangle technology for feeless charging of electric vehicles, bleu=0.0403
summarize:with bitcoin, ethereum and other big name digital currencies regularly making the news for their role in controversies and developments, it is often easy to overlook the rest of the cryptocurrency market, even those rising in prominence like as iota. with a market cap of around $5 billion, it is currently the eleventh most valuable cryptocurrency. unlike others, however, iota has its own unique spin on the blockchain tech, called tangle. it is also able to boast zero transaction fees. in recent times, iota’s heritage in the german capital has clearly attracted several indigenous companies with deep pockets. for instance, the chief digital officer of volkswagen group, johann jungwirth, is one of the board members of the iota foundation. bosch group, through its venture capital arm, rbvc, has also invested an undis, title=iota cofounder is optimistic for the cryptocurrency’s future amid global expansion, summary=iota is the 11th Most Valuable Cryptocurrency with $5 Billion Market Cap, bleu=0.0407
summarize:as the volatility of cryptocurrencies continues, the underlying crypto of the first child chain on the ardor blockchain, ignis experienced a significant surge in price in the early hours of tuesday, january 20 2018. this surge saw the cryptocurrency gain 35% in a matter of hours. a next-generation blockchainhaving concluded its token sale and airdrop in october 2017, the ardor blockchain platform launched as planned, on january 1st 2018, 00:00:00 utc. the ardor blockchain is a next generation blockchain that enables the addition of child chains. these child chains can retain their unique functionalities simultaneously while resident on, and enjoying the security of the parent ardor blockchain. cryptocurrency and economicsgenerally, the value of cryptocurrencies are fundamentally determined by the economic forces of supply and demand. therefore, since available tokens of, title=ignis token surges 35% after bittrex listing, summary=ardor Blockchain Launches a Child Chain Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0
summarize:venezuela’s minister of habitat and housing, ildemaro villarroel, recently revealed that the country’s government is planning to finance the construction of villas using its oil-backed cryptocurrency, the petro. according to local news outlet telesur, the villas will be financed as part of the country’s housing project "la gran misión vivienda venezuela (gmvv),” which according to sources aims to give "homeless families a decent and accessible housing solution, using data provided by the community interested in solving the problem of family housing deficit.”per villarroel, 33 local companies are already going through technical, financial, and logistical validation processes to carry out construction projects. the venezuelan minister was quoted as saying (translated):"together with the governors we reviewed plans that we will start, title=venezuela to finance villas for the homeless with oil-backed cryptocurrency petro, summary=venezuelan Minister to Financing Villas with Oil-Backed Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0451
summarize:coinbase, the world’s largest crypto exchange, brokerage, and wallet platform has announced its intention to list cardano (ada), basic attention token (bat), stellar lumens (xlm), zcash (zec), and 0x (zrx), causing the price of tokens to surge, while bitcoin has struggled to demonstrate any major price action. the release of the statement of coinbase was taken aback by the crypto community, as most investors considered the company’s acquisition of decentralized crypto exchange paradex as the substitution for direct token listing. however, the coinbase team emphasized that despite the additional approval and verification work required to list the five digital assets, the company decided to list them. bat and 0xcoinbase emphasized in its statement that the plans to list the five digital assets have been finalized, but there exists a possibility that the company fails to, title=bitcoin price struggles but 0x and bat surge upon coinbase announcement, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinbase Announces List of Five Digital Assets, bleu=0.0
summarize:after officially launching the oil-backed petro (ptr), venezuela’s own cryptocurrency, the country’s leader nicolás maduro has ordered state-owned businesses to transact in it when buying and selling products and services. according to a video posted on twitter by local television network vtv, the venezuelan president ordered these businesses to convert a percentage of their sales and purchases into the petro. he stated (roughly translated):"[i gave the order to] pdsa, pequiven, and cvg to, as state-owned companies, realize a percentage of their product sales and purchases, from here on out, on the petro currency.”#envideo | presidente @nicolasmaduro: he dado la orden a la empresa p, title=venezuela’s president orders state-owned companies to accept petro, summary=venezuelan President Orders State-Owned Businesses to Transact in Petro, bleu=0.0477
summarize:ccn correspondent eric eissler spoke with shidan gouran, president and coo of global blockchain about what the company does, hyperledger’s role in the blockchain industry, steller lumens role as a link between enterprise and public blockchains, and the impact that kodak’s ico security token will have on the ico securities market. hyperledger: the enterprise solution hyperledger is going to address the needs of the enterprise space. it’s a linux-based open- source blockchain, with substantial support from ibm makes it very promising to companies, which want to adopt blockchain technology. compared to r3, the hyperledger solution is the better of the two, in the opinion of gouran. this is because of the shared-space-across-other-companies aspect of hyperledger, whereas r, title=interview: global blockchain coo talks hyperledger, stellar lumens and kodak coin, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange ICO Token Launches Hyperledger Blockchain Solution, bleu=0.0
summarize:since going live a couple of months ago, eos has generated a lot of column inches for good or for bad. one man who knows a things or two about the cryptocurrency, fifth-largest by market cap, is joseph fanelli. he is the co-founder of eos asia, which is an active block producer on the eos network, and he is also an eos go key contributor, a guest writer for neo city of zion, and a co-founder of webao, an advertising agency. he has seen first-hand how community cooperation can push adoption and innovation forward, and hescribes himself as passionate about bridging the gap in the eos community between the east and the west. i caught up with joseph recently to ask a few questions about the eos, title=interview: joe fanelli, co-founder of top 21 block producer eos asia, summary=eos asia Co-Founder: 'We’re Creating a Cryptocurrency for the West', bleu=0.0692
summarize:social media giant facebook is exploring the benefits of releasing its own cryptocurrency, financial news outlet cheddar reported on friday. citing anonymous sources familiar with the matter, senior reporter alex heath said that the company — whose $533 billion market cap is a $140 billion larger than the current cryptocurrency market cap — is holding serious, high-level discussions about directing the focus of its blockchain research team toward releasing its own cryptocurrency. heath said:"sources say that facebook is specifically interested in creating its own digital token, which would allow its more than two billion users to facilitate transactions without government-backed currency. facebook is also looking at other ways that it could use this core blockchain technology that underpins these popular cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum.”he added that the company is also evaluating how it can use blockchain technology to improve identity verification and secure its backend infrastructure — perhaps even including how it manages customer data, title=facebook may issue its own cryptocurrency: report, summary=Facebook Exploring the Benefits of releasing its Own Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0477
summarize:controversial cryptocurrency startup tether has released a "transparency update” indicating that its dollar-pegged usdt token, which had a $2.55 billion market cap as of june 1, is fully backed by physical dollars deposited in two separate banks. released on wednesday, the report was a product of freeh, sporkin & sullivan llp (fss), a legal firm founded by three former federal judges, including a former fbi director. while not a formal audit, fss said that it was given full online access to tether’s bank accounts and statements, as well as to employees at the two unnamed banks holding tether assets. one of these institutions is reportedly the puerto rico-based noble bank, though neither party has confirmed this publicly. fss, title=tether releases ‘transparency update’ vetted by former fbi director’s law firm, summary=tether’s “Transparency Update”: Dollar-Pegged Usdt Token Fully backed by Bank Deposits, bleu=0.0339
summarize:data output of bitcoin, ethereum and ripplethe study compared the statistics of bitcoin on the daily, weekly, and monthly basis, and also compared to those of currencies, stocks, and commodities. it found that "at the daily frequency, the mean return [was] 0.52 percent and the standard deviation [was] 5.55 percent; at the weekly frequency, the mean return [was] 3.79 percent and the standard deviation [was] 16.64 percent; at the monthly frequency, the mean return [was] 21.60 percent and the standard deviation [was] 69.46 percent.”pictured: an image excerpt from the yale study, "risks and returns of cryptocurrency.”overall, the magnitude of the outcomes derived from bitcoin statistics was higher than those for traditional asset classes. as for ripple and ethereum, their returns had a higher mean return and standard deviation than those of bitcoin. however, their sharp, title=yale economists share strategies to strongly forecast bitcoin returns, summary=yale Study: Bitcoin Returns Higher than Traditional Asset Classes, bleu=0.042
summarize:tron (trx), the tenth-largest cryptocurrency, has begun the transition from the ethereum network to its own public blockchain. the tron mainnet — dubbed odyssey 2.0 — officially launched on may 31 at 12 am utc, initiating the first step in moving the $4 billion cryptocurrency to an independent network. the network will remain in beta for most of june, providing developers with the opportunity to configure their wallets and browsers before the network goes live. token migration will occur from june 21 to june 24, when users must deposit their erc-20 tokens at participating cryptocurrency exchanges to receive an equivalent number of trx on the new blockchain. the transition will culminate on june 25 — a date that developers have dubbed "independence day” — when the genesis block will propagate across the, title=tron begins transition to its own blockchain, summary=tron’s odyssey 2.0 is the first step in moving the $4 billion cryptocurrency to an independent network, bleu=0.0215
summarize:a wholly-owned subsidiary of canada-based stock exchange operator tmx group has announced that it will launch a cryptocurrency brokerage platform. tmx — best known as the operator of the toronto stock exchange (tsx) — unveiled the plans on thursday, stating that the platform would likely launch by mid-year and would allow clients to buy and sell bitcoin and ether, the two most liquid cryptocurrencies. the venture will see tmx subsidiary shorcan digital currency network (dcn) partner with paycase financial, a decentralized financial services provider based out of toronto. bmo financial group has agreed to provide shorcan dcn with banking services. paycase ceo joseph weinberg said that the cryptocurrency brokerage’s launch represents the first "true institutionalization of cryptocurrencies as an asset class,” adding that it, title=nem foundation calls off chase for stolen coins from $530 million coincheck hack, summary=tmx to Launch Cryptocurrency Brokerage Platform, bleu=0.0
summarize:a hong kong-based venture capital firm is placing a major bet that tzero, a security token exchange owned by e-commerce company overstock, will prove to be a central hub in what blockchain visionaries have termed the "tokenization of everything.”gsr capital, which also has offices in beijing and silicon valley, has entered into an agreement to purchase $160 million worth of tzero security tokens, the firms announced on friday. while the tokens — which run on the ethereum blockchain as erc-20 tokens — do not constitute company equity and confer no voting rights, they do entitle investors to dividends. specifically, 10 percent of the tzero’s adjusted gross revenue will be distributed to token holders on a quarterly basis. those dividends will come from tzero’s regulated trading platform, which will, title=hong kong vc invests $160 million in overstock-backed tzero ico, summary=hong kong Venture Capital Firm Places $160 Million Bet on Overstock’s tzero Token Exchange, bleu=0.0786
summarize:80 percent of bitcoin has officially been mined and more than 16.8 million bitcoins are in circulation. while the majority of bitcoin mined in the early days were produced by individual miners, multi-billion dollar firms are starting to enter the global mining sector. evolution: from individual miners to multi-billion dollar facilitiestraditional assets and currencies are controlled and issued by central entities. consequently, their supplies can be altered and manipulated by the authorities. the us dollar in particular, the reserve currency of the global economy, has its supply controlled by the federal reserve bank through a method called quantitative easing, a complex term for a simple concept of printing more cash. unlike traditional currencies and assets, the supply of bitcoin is fixed and the rules of the cryptocurrency are determined by its decentralized protocol. bank of finland researchers described bitcoin as "a monopoly run by a protocol, not by a managing organization.”while analysts and, title=$180: neo hits new all-time high despite market slump, summary=80% of Bitcoin Mined: Multi-Billion Dollar Firms Enter Global Mining Sector, bleu=0.0309
summarize:throughout this week, as ccn reported, the cryptocurrency market has been eyeing a move towards the $350 billion region. earlier today, on april 20, strong performances of major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum have led the valuation of the cryptocurrency market to surge to $365 billion. altcoin season is backthroughout 2018, amidst extreme volatility and recovery, investors inclined towards bitcoin as the safe haven asset. with the deepest liquidity and largest volume in the global market, bitcoin was able to sustain some stability while many cryptocurrencies recorded a free fall. most assets declined by more than 80 percent from their all-time highs and struggled to record gains against bitcoin. over the past seven days, alternative cryptocurrencies (altcoins) and other major cryptocurrencies have consistently reported gains against the most dominant cryptocurrency in the market. the daily trading volume of the global cryptocurrency market crossed the $20 billion mark for, title=cryptocurrency market surges to $365 billion, start of a bull rally?, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Surges to $365 Billion, bleu=0.0859
summarize:dogecoin creator jackson palmer has moved onto a new project — a twitter bot that mixes dialogue from the infamous erotic romance novel fifty shades of grey with blockchain whitepaper jargon. there are shackles attached at each bonus period.— fifty shades of blockchain (@blockshade) july 6, 2018fifty shades of grey reached global recognition after a 2011 publication, selling 125 million copies in four years and topping bestseller lists around the world, even spawning a feature-length film of the same title in 2015. however, the book was met with widespread negative reviews from book critics everywhere, citing the very low quality of the prose and shallow plot as major drawbacks of the book, leading to numerous parodies which, ironically, helped bolster the commercial success of the book. as the creator of a parody-themed cryptocurrency, jackson palm, title=fifty shades of blockchain: meet dogecoin creator’s erotic, ico-crazed twitter bot, summary=Dogecoin Creator jackson palmer Launches Twitter Bot to Mix Cryptocurrency Dialogue, bleu=0.0
summarize:a deal between australian firm byte power party and singaporean company soar labs went south when millions of soarcoin tokens went missing. soar labs attempted to purchase a stake of byte power without actually paying for it. it all began in june 2017, a month prior to soar labs’ ico. byte power announced the singaporean company would acquire a 49 percent stake in exchange for $5 million. soar labs paid a total of $100,000 in fiat and sent 306 million soarcoins valued at $0.016 to cover the rest. at all seemed nice and well, until a large portion of the tokens was suspended in january. soar labs alleged the digital assets had been suspended because byte power was trying to sell the tokens at insane rates to pay off existing debts. a total of 179.2 million, title=backdoor flaw sees australian firm lose $6.6 million in cryptocurrency, summary=byte power and soar labs deal goes south when millions of soarcoins go missing, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency startup tether issued $250 million in new tokens on monday, sparking speculation that a bitcoin price rally could be inbound. blockchain data indicates that tether, the creator of cryptocurrency "stablecoin” usdt (colloquially called tether), issued 250 million new tokens this morning, june 25. usdt, which is pegged to usd at a 1-to-1 ratio, serves as a proxy for physical dollars on many cryptocurrency exchanges, owing to the fact that many trading platforms have difficulty obtaining the banking relationships necessary to hold fiat currency on behalf of customers. over the past 24 hours, tether’s $4.2 billion in trading volume was second-highest among all cryptocurrencies, ranking behind only bitcoin. source: omni explorerthat tether is issuing new tokens is an indication that new capital is flowing into, title=bitcoin price eyes comeback as 250 million new tethers enter circulation, summary=Cryptocurrency Startup tether Issues $250 Million in New Tokens, bleu=0.038
summarize:the official verge account, meanwhile, has yet to get its blue badge. a fraudulent twitter account is making the rounds in the cryptocurrency market, with anonymous cryptocurrency verge one of its latest victims. getting verified is a status symbol on jack dorsey’s social media site, but the scams that are being left unchecked, so to speak, are compromising that trust. it’s a sign of chaos inside the house of twitter, which has been cracking down on the market and banned ico and cryptocurrency ads in march. verifying the authenticity of the wrong account with the coveted "blue badge” only creates confusion for followers, especially in a world riddled with fake cryptocurrency giveaways and phishing scams. verge, which boasts privacy and security, previously suffered a twitter hack, and it has plenty of reasons to fire back. the real and unverified verge, title=social snafu: twitter verifies a scam verge cryptocurrency account, summary=Verge’s Blue Badge is a Sign of Chaos in Twitter and Cryptocurrency Market, bleu=0.0309
summarize:steem, a blockchain rewards platform that allows content publishers to monetize their work, announced today that the project has reached one million registered accounts. an update from the official steemit blog confirms the one millionth registration on the blockchain, and shows even more impressive stats on transactions, user activity, and unique visitors. steem is exploding in popularity. not only is the steemit.com blogging and social media platform drawing large numbers of visitors, but also other dapps (decentralized applications) that use the steem blockchain, such as dtube, busy, and dlive. steem’s historyas ccn reported in 2016, steemit is a social media platform that encourages quality content production and discussions with a voting system. votes translate to steem and steem dollars (sbd) tokens, title=major milestone: steem blockchain hits 1 million accounts, summary=steem Reaches One Million Registered Accounts, bleu=0.0492
summarize:augur, a peer-to-peer prediction market platform, is all set to launch its main network on july 9th at 11:01 pst. augur raised $5.5 million in 2015 by offering its token rep in a crowdsale. augur was one of the earliest ico’s on the ethereum blockchain and has been under development since. decentralized prediction marketsthe platform allows users to trustlessly create prediction markets on the outcome of virtually any future event. users can create markets for an event with a designated reporter and subsequently, traders can purchase shares on the probable outcomes. at the end of the event, the settlement fees are paid out based on the outcome. the platform has an inbuilt conflict resolution model and it incentivizes rep token holders to correct any misinformation to ensure the accuracy of the real world information at hand. the whole procedure is conducted in a peer, title=augur platform prepares for main network deployment, summary=Augur to Launch Main Network on july 9th, bleu=0.0
summarize:last week, china electronic information industry development (ccid) updated its blockchain rankings that previously ranked ethereum as the best blockchain network in the global market. after pausing its blockchain network subsequent to the discovery of critical bugs, suspending 27 user accounts without reasoning, and receiving criticism from prominent experts like cornell university professor emin gun sirer and smart contracts pioneer nick szabo, eos was ranked by the chinese government as the best blockchain network in the world, ahead of ethereum. the chinese government ranked eos at the top, claiming eos is the best blockchain network in the world by technology and innovation, as seen in the table below provided by coinness. not a perfect rankingno blockchain ranking can ever be perfect, because thousands of blockchain projects that are currently in existence can be segregated into at least 10 different categories,, title=china ranks eos as the #1 blockchain, bitcoin doesn’t make top ten, summary=eos is the Best Blockchain Network in the World, Says chinese Government, bleu=0.0376
summarize:kodak, the company that was synonymous with photography for over a century, was almost entirely written off when digital technologies rendered kodak’s chemical processes obsolete. kodak’s fear of digital technology goes back to the 1970s, when an engineer working in house for kodak came up with a prototype of a digital camera. kodak’s management squashed the idea, anticipating that if the technology got out, their film manufacturing business would be killed off. this, of course, is exactly what happened when the technology was brought to market by others later on, eventually leading to kodak filing for bankruptcy in 2012. however, that was then, this is now, and kodak is reinventing themselves as a cutting edge blockchain technology company, having launched an ico for their kodakone digital rights management system with its k, title=nba & nhl fans can now earn kodakcoins for taking in-game photos, summary=kodak is reinventing itself as a cutting edge blockchain technology company, bleu=0.0
summarize:tron (trx), the tenth-largest cryptocurrency with a circulating market cap of $2.8 billion, has formally activated its mainnet following a month-long migration to its independent blockchain. tron celebrates independence daypreviously, trx had been built as an erc-20 token on the ethereum network, where it had resided since tron’s initial coin offering (ico) in 2017. the migration began on may 31 with the beta release of odyssey 2.0, the platform’s mainnet software, but developers allocated nearly four weeks for the transition to ensure that researchers had ample time to identify bugs and that users were able to move their tron tokens to the new network. goodbye #ethereum! happy #tron independence day! #trx $trx— justin sun (@justinsuntron) june 25,, title=‘independence day’: tron activates mainnet after month-long migration, summary=tron (trx) officially activates its mainnet following a month-long migration to its independent blockchain, bleu=0.0615
summarize:the bytecoin price has risen sharply for the day, from $0.012075 on close of trading may 13 to $0.012438 on monday. however, the coin’s price has seen a series of odd events and swings since binance announced its listing on may 7. by may 9, bytecoin hit an all-time high of $0.0300, a whopping 343 percent 24-hour price spike. as rumored with new binance listings, cypto enthusiasts saw this as another pump and dump, unsure bytecoin would maintain the gains for long. allegations also circled around the coin’s network and withdrawal issues. by may 11, the price dropped to $0.009889, an extreme that even surprised some of the skeptics. single-day bcn price chartunphased by the criticism, bcn resumed its rally on monday, title=venezuela’s oil-backed crypto petro grows thanks to a little-known russian bank, summary=bytecoin Price Hits All-Time High of $0.0300 after Binance Listing, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market has continued to slump over the past 24 hours, as major cryptocurrencies including ripple, ethereum, and bitcoin cash recorded over 20 percent in daily losses. since january 15, the market valuation of cryptocurrencies declined from $700 billion to $500 billion within a 48-hour span. in the past few hours, the cryptocurrency market demonstrated some signs of recovery, as the market cap of all cryptocurrencies combined increased from $450 billion to $530 billion."bitcoin decreased little bit, altcoins plunged a lot”the claims that bitcoin slumped by a small margin while smaller cryptocurrencies plunged in value are evidently false, given that major cryptocurrencies recorded larger losses in value than small cryptocurrencies in the market. bitcoin did decline by a small margin in comparison to ethereum, ripple, and bitcoin cash, but it also decreased by more than 15 percent. since december, bitcoin has, title=cryptocurrency market continues to slump as ethereum, ripple, et al. suffer 20%+ fall, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Continues to Sluggish as Major cryptocurrencies Record Daily Losses, bleu=0.0236
summarize:venezuelan president nicolás maduro announced this that the petro, an oil-backed cryptocurrency that the country launched to work around sanctions in february, will become an official currency for the state oil company pdvsa. by monday next week, the petro will become an accounting unit. according to the spanish news site abc, maduro said in a televised address:as of next monday, venezuela will have a second accounting unit based on the price, the value of the petro. it will be a second accounting unit of the republic and will begin operations as a mandatory accounting unit of our pdvsa oil industry. the new petro accounting unit will exist alongside the "sovereign” bolivar currency, the current official national currency. during launch of the petro next week, title=petro will be an official alternate currency in venezuela, summary=petro to become official currency of venezuela’s oil-backed cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0627
summarize:over the weekend, venezuelan president nicolas maduro began broad economic changes that ultimately ties venezuela’s currency to the contentious ‘oil-backed’ cryptocurrency petro. as ccn reported, president maduro announced the plan last week and has followed through. as part of the fiscal changes, the central bank of venezuela devalued the nation’s currency by 95% (about five zeroes) due to the ongoing hyperinflation of the bolivar. the new value and currency is now renamed to the "sovereign bolivar,” which is pegged to the oil-backed petro cryptocurrency that maduro launched earlier this year as an erc-20 token. a history-making event, but under poor conditionsvenezuela’s switch to a cryptocurrency-pegged currency marks the first time, title=venezuela’s president devalues fiat currency by 95%, pegs it to crypto ‘petro’, summary=venezuela’s Central Bank Devalues Currency to ‘Oil-Backed’ Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.031
summarize:friday marked another disappointing day for the cryptocurrency markets, as — led by the bitcoin price — the vast majority of top-tier coins posted moderate declines against the u. s. dollar. bitcoin price fails to break toward $7,000the bitcoin price fell 1.2 percent for the day, reducing its value to $6,564 at the time of writing and hitting pause on the flagship cryptocurrency’s labored recovery, which briefly saw btc spike near $6,800 earlier in the week. btc currently has a $113.4 billion market cap, which translates into a 42.5 percent share of the overall market. bitcoin price chartthe length of bitcoin’s bear market is now approaching seven months, and "new highs in july” — once a rallying cry for hodlers — now sounds like a cruel joke. iota, n, title=bitcoin price leads market downturn, but ethereum classic swims upstream, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops 1.2 Percent to $6,564 as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.0
summarize:the cryptocurrency market recovery continued on thursday, with nearly every top 100-cryptocurrency rising in value against the us dollar. the bitcoin price headlined the advance, testing the $10,000 for the first time since feb. 1. ripple, meanwhile, surged on the surprising news that money transfer behemoth western union is trialing xrp integration in a pilot program. source: coinmarketcapthe rally briefly raised the cryptocurrency market cap above $475 billion, which constituted a two-week high, although it has since ebbed back to a present value of $471.6 billion. bitcoin price tests $10,000bitcoin continued to defy its critics on thursday, posting a six percent advance and raising its price within striking distance of $10,000 for the first time since the beginning of february. however, the flagship cryptocurrency has thus far been able to break through that, title=bitcoin price tests $10,000 as market cracks $475 billion, summary=Bitcoin Price Testing $10,000 for First Time Since feb. 1, bleu=0.0677
summarize:eos price tanked considerably in the past few hours to reach a 2-month low of $9.30 at press time on friday – a significant drop of well over 11%. just a few hours earlier at close of trade on the asian markets, the eos price was around $10.50 but a sudden and unexplained drop had the currency down by 11% to the $9.50 level before dropping even further to around $9.20 at press time. the whole market experienced wider drops between 5 and 10% among major currencies with the main sufferers apart from eos being bitcoin cash, ontology, ethereum and cardano which all saw drops of between 6 and 12% with ont dropping by over 12% to the $5.80 level. incidentally, etoro chose friday to return eos to trading on its platform after suspending, title=eos price tanks to 60-day low near $9.20, summary=etoro Returns EOS to Trading after Suspending Traders, bleu=0.038
summarize:the augur price (rep) saw huge gains friday after binance listed the token for trading. in wake of the down market for cryptocurrency, augur is the only top-100 coin or token to post a 10% gain over usd for the day. augur’s trade volume has ballooned roughly 1900% since may 10 (in usd). the price has also increased about 26% since the close of day may 10, from $44.28 to $55.93 as of this writing. the marketcap has increased roughly 11% to $615,232,200. augur price chart | soure: worldcoinindexbinance announced the new listing overnight thursday. augur’s trading volume and price immediately ratcheted up. binance is the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, with the firm reporting 7.9 million total users on march 15. binance is moving full steam ahead with listing erc20 tokens, title=augur price rallies 10%, defies market downturn after binance listing, summary=Augur Price Gains 10% as Binance Lists erc20 Token, bleu=0.0687
summarize:this week’s comprehensive market rally has injected billions of dollars back into the cryptocurrency market cap, and the number of individual coins boasting total valuations of at least $1 billion has subsequently swelled to 24. bytom, a digital asset platform launched out of china, aims to be the 25th. first announced in july 2017, the lesser-known cryptocurrency aims to ease the friction between "tokenizing” real-world assets and trading them on and off the blockchain in a manner that can easily comply with local regulations governing securities and equities transactions. since the platform will be dedicated specifically to issuing and trading tokenized assets, its developers argue it will be more efficient and useful than general-purpose smart contract platforms like ethereum. most of bytom’s founders are affiliated with 8btc, a popular chinese cryptocurrency news outlet and discussion forum that, title=97% surge: digital asset platform bytom eyes $1 billion market cap, summary=Chinese Cryptocurrency Platform Bytom aims to be the 25th, bleu=0.0
summarize:russia’s telegram ban officially went into effect this week, but the encrypted messaging app is fighting back against the government censors — and it’s using bitcoin to power those efforts. telegram founder pavel durov revealed tuesday that he has begun distributing bitcoin grants to groups and organizations operating virtual private networks (vpns) and other proxy services that help users bypass the nationwide ban, which was put in place by russian communications regulator roskomnadzor."to support internet freedoms in russia and elsewhere i started giving out bitcoin grants to individuals and companies who run socks5 proxies and vpn. i am happy to donate millions of dollars this year to this cause, and hope that other people will follow,” durov wrote of the initiative, which he has termed the "digital resistance.”"for us, this was an easy decision. we promised our users, title=monero price jumps 12% as crypto market posts recovery, summary=telegram’s founder distributes bitcoin grants to vpn operators to help users bypass censorship, bleu=0.0
summarize:the valuation of the crypto market has dropped by $50 billion within a week, from $300 billion to $250 billion, led by the fall of bitcoin. in the past 24 hours, the bitcoin price fell from $7,250 to $6,950, extending its loss on august 4 and recording another 4 percent loss on the day. volume is tankinglast week, the volume of bitcoin hovered around at $5.5 billion while the volume of the entire crypto market exceeded $18 billion. as of august 5, the volume of bitcoin remains below $4.1 billion and the daily trading volume of the entire market has declined by $7 billion within a seven-day period. often, when the price and the volume of bitcoin fall, the demand for us dollar-backed stablecoin tether (usdt) tends to increase, as investors move towards hedging the value of cryptocurrencies to that of the us dollar. however, in the past 24 hours, the volume, title=crypto market valuation drops to $250 billion, volume declines substantially, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops to $6,950, Crypto Market Loses $50 Billion in 24 Hours, bleu=0.0541
summarize:a sell-off sent the ethereum price plunging below $300 on monday, forcing the second-largest cryptocurrency to its lowest mark in more than nine months. ethereum had traded as high as $323 earlier in the day, but a flurry of sell orders began to pummel the market at approximately 15:00 utc, driving eth closer and closer to $300, a level it had not touched since 2017. eth/usd | bitfinexat 15:43, eth closed just pennies above $300, and less than one minute later it fell below that mark on bitfinex for the first time since nov. 12. as of 16:45 utc, the ethereum price had dropped to $293. ethereum is now down seven percent for the day and more than 61 percent in 2018. eth/usd | bit, title=newsflash: ethereum price falls below $300, pummeled to 9-month low, summary=ethereum Price Drops Below $300 as Sell-Off Pushes it to lowest level since 2017, bleu=0.0625
summarize:the recent ripple price surge has undoubtedly made many investors quite wealthy. on thursday, the global average ripple price rose to an all-time high of $3.84, meaning that a hypothetical $1,000 investment made on jan. 1, 2017, would now be worth more than $600,000. no one, however, has benefited more than ripple co-founder chris larsen, who is currently the firm’s executive chairman and formerly served as its ceo. citing a source at ripple, forbes reports that larsen personally owns 5.19 billion xrp and has a 17 percent stake in the company, which is currently holding 55 billion xrp in escrow. based on the value of these holdings, larsen is worth at least $55.8 billion, an estimate that excludes ripple’s value as a company apart from its xrp, title=ripple co-founder chris larsen might be the 8th richest person in the world, summary=xrp co-founder chris larsen is worth at least $55.8 billion, according to forbes. ripple price surges to all-time high of $3.84, making it worth more than $600,000, bleu=0.0449
summarize:after experiencing a 2-day slump during which the price of most cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, and bitcoin cash declined significantly, the cryptocurrency market has started to recover. major cryptocurrencies surge in valuecryptocurrencies in the top 20 rankings of the global cryptocurrency market have recorded large gains over the past few hours. ripple in particular demonstrated a staggering 48 percent increase in value, while bitcoin, bitcoin cash, cardano, and litecoin have risen in the range of 15 percent to 35 percent. although major cryptocurrencies are still down significantly from their all-time highs, bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, and ripple have all kept their "psychological thresholds.” bitcoin has rebounded above the $10,000 mark, ether recovered past $1,000, and ripple did not decline below the $1 mark. it is highly unlikely that fear, uncertainty and doubt (fud) from the south korean and chines, title=cryptocurrency market recovers as bitcoin, ethereum, et al. spike 20%, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, and Litecoin: Cryptocurrency Market Recovers After 2-Day Slump, bleu=0.0228
summarize:tron has jumped 25% in price against the dollar. tron’s trx tokens were trading for $0.045 yesterday, with the price jumping to $0.056 earlier today. the move places tron as the fourteenth most valuable cryptocurrency in terms of market cap, with a total valuation surpassing $3.4b and overtaking ethereum classic. it’s possible that the price increase followed the news that the virtual currency had been listed on the bittrex exchange, with investors expecting that the move would increase exposure and adoption. founder justin sun received over five thousand likes for his tweet responding to the exchange’s announcement, which demonstrates the large community that the platform is building:thanks @bittrexexchange. welcome to trade #trx $trx in bittrex! #tron https://t.co/tecpzmutxj— justin sun (@justinsun, title=tron price climbs 25% in a day, summary=tron Price Jumps 25% as Bittrex Announces Listing of Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.083
summarize:huobi, formerly the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the chinese market prior to the cryptocurrency trading ban imposed by the local government, is reallocating to japan, the second largest cryptocurrency market in the world. huobi will move to japan and south koreain late 2017, china’s three major cryptocurrency trading platforms huobi, okcoin, and btcc officially migrated to the hong kong bitcoin market, operating over-the-counter (otc) platforms to address the demand for cryptocurrencies from individual investors in asia. huobi, which rebranded to huobi pro to operate in hong kong, has started to process large volumes once again along with okcoin’s hong kong exchange okex. it also has secured a strategic partnership with sbi group, one of japan’s largest financial, title=cryptocurrency market cap nears all-time high as bitcoin dominance hits historic low, summary=China’s Three Major Cryptocurrency Exchanges Move to Hong Kong Bitcoin Market, bleu=0.0
summarize:more bitcoin traders are challenging india’s directive for banks to stop financial services to cryptocurrency exchanges in the populous asian country, with a court hearing of the challenge set for thursday this week amid complaints that the reserve bank of india (rbi) is curtailing "essential” trade services. on monday, the economic times in india reported that petitioners under the latest effort to have the bank reverse its directive or stay it are of the opinion that they should continue to utilise banking services, as cryptocurrencies are not illegal in the country. they argued:"banking is an essential service. how can one deny access to an essential service when i am not doing anything illegal? you have not declared virtual currencies illegal in the country.”in april this year, the indian central bank said finance institutions under its regulation and oversight were no longer allowed to deal in or provide services to traders or investors dealing, title=zcash spikes 45% and ethereum price gains 4% in $21 billion crypto market rebound, summary=India’s Reserve Bank Says Cryptocurrency Exchanges Are Not “Illegal”, bleu=0.0
summarize:bithumb, formerly the biggest crypto exchange in south korea, has driven the kimchi premium up 30 percent on major tokens, inflating the price of cryptocurrencies. bithumb, the bad actoron june 20, as ccn reported, bithumb was hacked for $40 million. the financial services commission (fsc) and korea financial intelligence unit (kfiu) were involved in the investigation of the bithumb hack and eventually, the exchange reportedly recovered half of the stolen funds stored in digital assets. however, since then, for more than a month, bithumb has disabled deposits and withdrawals, only allowing existing users on the bithumb platform to trade cryptocurrencies. the unforeseen prevention of deposits and withdrawals led the premium on bithumb to rise substantially, affecting both the local market and the global cryptocurrency exchange market. on ju, title=crypto market rebounds, bithumb drives kimchi premium up 50%, summary=Bithumb Drives kimchi Premium Up 30% on Major Cryptocurrencies, bleu=0.0452
summarize:the ethereum price clawed its way back to $300 on wednesday as the wider cryptocurrency market experienced a double-digit recovery. ethereum suffered a colossal sell-off during the early part of the week, dipping as low as $249 on monday and leading many to wonder whether the second-largest cryptocurrency’s status as a launchpad for initial coin offerings (icos) made it particularly vulnerable to the effects of the bear market. however, eth roared back to life on wednesday, rising an eye-popping 17 percent to lead the surging large-cap index. by 16:00 utc, the ethereum price had cracked the $300 level, and it continued to trade at that mark when this article was written at 17:30 utc. eth/usd | bitfinexthere does not appear, title=newsflash: ethereum price claws its way back to $300 as market adds billions, summary=Ethereum Price Climbs Back to $300 as Cryptocurrency Market Recovers, bleu=0.1631
summarize:last week, two substantial software flaws were unearthed to the technological public to much alarm. the vulnerabilities, dubbed meltdown and spectre by their finders, exploit weaknesses in the computer processors (cpus) used in most of the world’s pcs, smartphones, and data hubs. these developments have raised questions the world over about the security of private data, leaving the cryptocurrency community wondering what this may mean for the safety of personal wallet funds and exchange reserves. implications for the crypto realmtogether, meltdown and spectre attacks can affect processing chips produced by intel, amd, and arm, and its discoverers have called them "the worst gpu bugs ever found.” according to the researchers who discovered the flaws, the attacks can steal information from services and applications that a computer’s gpu processes:"these hardware vulnerabilities allow programs to steal data which is currently processed on the, title=bitcoin, ethereum prices plot cautious recovery as korean government cools trading ban rumors, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Worst of the Week: Meltdown and Spectre Attacks, bleu=0.0
summarize:the ethereum classic investment trust (otc: etcg) is currently trading at a premium of more than 300 percent over the value of the fund’s underlying assets. the fund, a product of grayscale investments, provides investors with exposure to ethereum classic (etc) by holding the cryptocurrency on their behalf. each share of etcg is equivalent to just under 0.97 etc, though this figure declines over time as the fund sells assets to cover grayscale’s three percent annual management fee. according to data supplied by grayscale, each etcg share had a net asset value (nav) of $14.21 when the markets closed on tuesday, giving the fund a total valuation of $54.3 million. however, shares of etcg are currently priced at $57.30 on the open market, representing a premium of 303 percent over nav. etcg price chart | source:, title=the ethereum classic investment trust (etcg) is trading at a 300% premium over its nav, summary=ethereum Classic Investment Trust (etcg) is Trading at a Premium of 300% Over underlying Assets, bleu=0.1871
summarize:the price of bitcoin has surged to $8,200 over the past 12 hours, surpassing $8,300 at its daily peak, bringing the valuation of the crypto market to $300 billion. bitcoin cash, ether, ripple, eos, and stellar increased by 2 to 6 percent, while some cryptocurrencies like zcash recorded an 11 percent increase in value. tokens fallsince 2017, tokens have followed the price trend of major digital assets including bitcoin and ether, with intensified movements on the upside and downside. if the price of bitcoin rose the value of tokens rose by more than 10 to 20 percent than bitcoin. if bitcoin fell, tokens fell by a larger margin. however, in the past 48 hours, the cryptocurrency market has shown a lack of correlation between major digital assets and tokens suggesting that investors have re-allocated funds stored in small tokens to major cryptocurrencies. the volume of bitcoin, title=$300 billion: cryptocurrency market cap hits major milestone as bitcoin soars, summary=Bitcoin Price Surges to $8,200, Bringing Crypto Market Valuation to $300 Billion, bleu=0.0526
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price declined recently and traded as low as $15.67 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance near $16.35 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may perhaps struggle to break the $16.40 and $16.60 resistance levels in the near term. ethereum classic price is in a bearish trend against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd has to surpass the $16.60 resistance to start a decent recovery. ethereum classic price declinethere were heavy losses this week in etc price as it moved below the $17.00 support against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair even broke the $16.00 support and settled well below the 100 hourly simple moving average. it traded as low as $15.67 and is currently struggling to recover. there was a minor upside move,, title=ethereum classic price analysis: can etc/usd break this?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key highlightsada price traded further lower and broke the $0.1550 support against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial bearish trend line formed with resistance near $0.1555 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently in a downtrend and it could break the $0.1500 support for more losses. cardano price failed to recover against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd tumbled and it remains at a risk of more losses below the $0.1550 level. cardano price analysisduring the past few sessions, there was an increase in selling pressure on ada price below $0.1660 against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair failed to break the $0.1650 resistance and started a downside move. it broke down and cleared the $0.1600 and $0.15, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd extending losses, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.1500, bleu=0.1261
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price failed to break past the $9,000 level after news of a potential shutdown of binance in japan broke out. however, bitcoin price could still form an inverse head and shoulders pattern, which is a potent reversal signal. technical indicators are showing that bullish momentum could stay in play. bitcoin price sold off recently but could form a short-term reversal pattern on its 1-hour time frame and draw more buyers back in. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma just crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that buyers are gaining the upper hand. the 200 sma is also holding as dynamic support at the moment, but a break lower could lead to another pickup in selling pressure. stochastic is pointing down to show that bears have the upper hand while rsi is turning lower as well. both oscill, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/23/2018 – another reversal pattern?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Recover?, bleu=0.0343
summarize:key highlightsada price moved into a bullish zone above the $0.1600 and $0.1700 levels against the us dollar (tethered). there is a tiny connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $0.1780 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair remains well supported above the $0.1700 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. cardano price is placed in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd has to move past $0.1800 to gain traction in the near term. cardano price analysisthere was a bearish reaction near the $0.1800 resistance zone in cardano price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair declined below $0.1700 and traded close to the $0.1600 support. a low was formed at $0.1609 before the price recovered sharp, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd primed for gains above $0.1800, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1157
summarize:key highlightseth price gained traction and traded above the $277 and $280 resistance levels against the us dollar. yesterday’s discussed important bearish trend line was cleared with resistance near $273 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair traded as high as $288.58 and it is currently correcting lower towards $278-280. ethereum price is slowly moving into a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must stay above the $275 support to bounce back in the near term. ethereum price support zoneyesterday, we discussed an important resistance zone near the $277 level for eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair managed to gain bullish momentum recently and succeeded in clearing the $277 resistance. there was also a break and close above the $280 level plus the 100 hour, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd hold gains above $275?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Clears $277, bleu=0.1141
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined and broke a key support level at $8,200 against the us dollar. there was a break below a triangle pattern with support at $8,250 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may correct a few points in the short term, but it could face resistance near $8,150 and $8,250. bitcoin price tumbled below key supports against the us dollar. btc/usd is currently consolidating near $8,000 and it is at risk of more losses. bitcoin price analysisthere was no upside break above $8,500 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair failed on many occasions to trade above the $8,500 resistance area. there was a sharp bearish reaction and the price declined below the $8,200 and $8,080 support levels. it seems like the price, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd at risk of further declines, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $8,250, bleu=0.1261
summarize:in the last 24 hours, bitcoin cash has been scaling up the bull ladder. it’s up two percent and odds are, bch prices shall continue appreciating in the days to come. fundamentals are good and despite their full node migration problems after their hard fork, bitcoin cash continues to take root. bch is now available at de vere and their users can now buy/sell the coins as they wish. all they have to do is download devere mobile app and they are good to go. from the newsthe genesis of current bitcoin cash squabbles can be routed back to august 2017 and the new york agreement. then, it was a couple of months before crypto-mania which saw main coins as bitcoin and others exploding to their aths. during that pump, the network was literally congested and consequently, transaction fees were on the roof. to prevent such happenings, title=the federal reserve places bitcoin cash at $1800– that’s where we fix our buy targets: bitcoin cash (bch) price technical analysis (june 1, 2018), summary=Bitcoin Cash is Now Available at De Vere and Users Can Buy/Sell the Coins, bleu=0.0114
summarize:many are speculating that the sec decision might have triggered this sell frenzy but what we should also realize is that most coins were dangling right at the edge waiting for a collapse. all altcoins caved in, registering double digit losses as eos and iota lead the loss making pack. fortunately though, at the moment price isn’t a priority. this is because as long as these projects find use and therefore value, to recover they shall—but for now, we should brace for impact! let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewtechnically our eos shorts have been activated in line with our last eos technical analysis. the question now remains: how low can we get? for once, i suggest that eos might first, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: hold on, it is normal for prices to drop–before rising, summary=eos Technical Analysis: iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, IOTA, OTC, S&P/USD Downsides, bleu=0.0265
summarize:it’s the dawn of a new month and in what will likely be the beginning of bitcoin reversing previous losses. for perspective, bitcoin prices are up three percent in a week over week basis. because of these developments, bitcoin bulls can begin looking for triggers on dips to load up in lower time frames. from the newsthe consensus method behind bitcoin (btc) is power intensive and not "eco-friendly”. besides, this method has evolved and expensive gadgets are required for "mining”. so, with news that heavy flooding in chinese province of sichuan causing "extensive” damage on mining gear as reported by global finance, many were worried that that the total hash rate of the network would take a hit. eric meltzer, a partner at inblockchain, the largest blockchain-focused fund in china, reported that rumors suggest a bitcoin mining, title=bitcoin futures trading volumes are too “negligible” to affect bitcoin prices: bitcoin (btc) technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Watch: Can Bitcoin Reverse Previous Losses?, bleu=0.0277
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is gaining pace and it broke the $1,150 resistance against the us dollar. there is a connecting bullish trend line forming with support near $1,120 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to trade high as long as it is above $1,120 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is slowly moving higher above $1,120 against the us dollar. bch/usd could accelerate gains towards the $1,200 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price supportthere were slow and steady gains above the $1,100 pivot level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price moved further higher and broke the $1,120 and $1,150 resistance levels. there was also a break above the 61.8% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1,210 high, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd gaining upside momentum, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,200, bleu=0.0309
summarize:fomo momentsthe picture is pretty bleak during this morning’s asian trading session. south korea’s blockade of anonymous trading accounts has caused another selloff and a sea of red confronts traders today. it is that bad that we have to go a long way down the list, which is all hemorrhaging, to find an altcoin in the green. it happens to be one that performed well a couple of days ago, populous. according to coinmarketcap ppt is the only crypto asset in the top 60 that is in the green. currently trading at $73 it is up 9% on the day and has made strong progress all week. seven days ago ppt was trading at $47 so it has increased by over 50% in a week that has seen all of its brethren shed value. the charts indicate that ppt made an all-, title=morning asian trading roundup: the leading altcoin is populous, summary=ppt is the only altcoin in the top 60 that is in a green after south korean blockade, bleu=0.0283
summarize:key highlightseth price found a strong support near $386 and recovered nicely against the us dollar. there is a short-term ascending channel forming with support at $412 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to move higher and it could even test the $433 high in the near term. ethereum price is trading nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now well above $400 and is eyeing more gains towards the $430 level. ethereum price supportthere was a major downside reaction yesterday below the $400 level in eth price against the us dollar. the price traded towards the $385 level and formed a low near $386. there was a solid buying interest noted around the $385-386 levels, resulting in an upside move. buyers pushed the price higher and there was a break, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd could accelerate higher, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Test $433, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price managed to gain traction and moved above the $15.00 resistance against the us dollar. there is a connecting bearish trend line formed with resistance at $15.90 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is likely to break the $15.90 and $16.00 resistance levels to move in the bullish zone. ethereum classic price is gaining momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may perhaps break the $16.00 resistance to continue towards $18.00. ethereum classic price trendafter a major decline below $15.00, etc price found support above the $13.00 level against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded as low as $13.19 before starting an upward correction. it gained traction and moved above the $14.50 resistance. moreover, there was a break above the 23.6% fi, title=ethereum classic price analysis: can etc/usd continue higher?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $18, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightseth price traded higher this past week and moved above the $580 pivot level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line in place with support at $575 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower, but it remains supported near the $575 level. ethereum price is back in an uptrend versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd eyes further gains once the current correction is over in the near term. ethereum price trendthis past week, there was a solid upside move from well below $500 in eth price against the us dollar. the price surged higher and it was able to break many resistances such as $550, $580 and $600. it traded as high as $638 before it faced selling interest. a short-term downside correction is underway and, title=ethereum price weekly analysis – eth/usd downsides remain supported, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Looking to Gain, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price slowly climbed above a major resistance area near $6,300 against the us dollar. there was a break above two important bearish trend lines near $6,310 and $6,350 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to surge further higher towards the next resistance at $6,450. bitcoin price is gaining bullish momentum above $6,300 against the us dollar. btc/usd may perhaps test the next major barrier near $6,450 in the near term. bitcoin price analysisbitcoin price settled above the $6,200 support area to start an upward wave against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair slowly and steadily moved higher and broke a key resistance area near $6,300. the upside move was such that the price moved into a bullish zone above $6,200 and the, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd’s bullish break underway, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,450, bleu=0.0677
summarize:yesterday’s market was generally slow but while we are seeing flat outs in stellar lumens for example, eos and tron might have a comeback in the weekend. in my view, buying trx or tron can be a good strategy now that there are unsubstantiated rumors of potential listing at gdax, circle or coinbase. either way, news of such jolted tron pushing it up from our previous support at eight cents. let look at these charts:eosusd (eos)eos 4hr chart by trading viewcould eos evolution looking to self fund as eosdac did? if you didn’t realize, eosdac just created several hundred million dollars out of thin air after their 1:1 air drop was completed. the team in real sense self funded, title=(buy tron) iota, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin, eos: technical analysis for may 5, 2018, summary=eos, tron, Stellar Lumens and Litecoin Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Rebound, bleu=0.0672
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price failed to move above the $18.80 resistance and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line formed with support at $18.20 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is now trading below the $18.00 pivot level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum classic price is slowly moving lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd could decline further as long as it is below the $18.00-18.20 resistance. ethereum classic price resistanceafter a decent upside move, etc price failed to break the $18.80 and $19.00 resistance levels against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair formed a high near $19.00 and started a downside move. there was another attempt to clear the same hurdle, but the price failed and topped near, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd bearish below $18, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Rebound, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price recovered and moved above the $7,000 handle against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line in place with resistance at $7,260 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move past the $7,260 hurdle and the 100 hourly simple moving average for more gains. bitcoin price is slowly recovering above $7,000 against the us dollar. btc/usd is likely to struggle near a significant resistance at $7,260. bitcoin price analysisafter heavy declines, bitcoin price found bids near the $6,880 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded as low as $6,883 and later it started an upside correction. the price moved above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last slide from the 7,532 high to $6,883 low, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd’s support turned resistance at $7,260, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $7,260, bleu=0.0881
summarize:key highlightsripple price is slowly moving higher and is currently trading above $0.8400 against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $0.8650 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently facing resistance at $0.8750, which is a major pivot level for more gains. ripple price is preparing for more upsides against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd should clear $0.8750 for a push above the $0.9000 level in the near term. ripple price supportthere was a nice recovery from the $0.7800 swing low in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded higher and broke the $0.8000 and $0.8400 resistance levels. the current move is encouraging since the price surpassed the $0.8500 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average. there was also a, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd could rally towards $0.9100, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.9000, bleu=0.041
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price traded higher and broke a major resistance at $7,580 against the us dollar. there was a break above a connecting resistance trend line at $7,600 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to move further higher towards the $7,800 and $8,000 resistance levels. bitcoin price is slowly gaining bullish momentum above $7,500 against the us dollar. btc/usd is likely preparing for more gains towards the $8,000 barrier. bitcoin price analysisbitcoin price was rejected many times near the $7,550 and $7,580 resistance levels against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair recently dipped towards the $7,320 level, where it found strong bids. later, it started a fresh upside move and gained momentum to break the $7,550 and $7,5, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd poised to test $8,000, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $8,000, bleu=0.1585
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price made an upside break from an earlier short-term consolidation pattern to show that further gains are possible. zooming out to the 4-hour chart reveals that the next upside targets are at the 200 sma then channel resistance. however, technical indicators are suggesting that the longer-term selloff could continue. bitcoin price looks poised for more gains after a consolidation breakout and could approach the next ceilings. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to show that the path of least resistance is to the downside or that the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. price has moved past the 100 sma dynamic inflection point, though, and is closing in on the 200 sma dynamic resistance around $10,000. a break past this level could take it to the channel resistance at $12,000, which is also an area, title=btc price technical analysis for 02/15/2018 – next ceiling in sight, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Recover?, bleu=0.031
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price found support near $6,620 after a major decline against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line was breached with resistance at $6,700 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher towards a few important resistances such as $7,000 and $7,200. bitcoin price is recovering from the $6,600 support area against the us dollar. btc/usd might correct further in the near term, but it could face hurdles around $7,200. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we saw a major downside move in bitcoin price below the $7,000 handle against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair declined towards the $6,600 level and formed a low at $6,628. later, an upside recovery was initiated and the price corrected above the $6, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd recovery could be limited, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Breaks $6,620, bleu=0.1395
summarize:on a weekly basis, bitcoin cash is stable shedding less than one percent all due to higher highs attempts by end of last week. though there were expectations of a price follow through, it appears as if sellers are having the upper hand. bears are likely to reverse those gains and edge towards $300 regardless of the technical developments and scheduled hard fork of nov 15. from the news97 days after forking in may 15, bitcoin abc, the development team behind bitcoin cash "peer to peer electronic payment system” plans on forking—again. though the official forks will take place on nov 18, the team is now urging users to download the latest update which the team believes will create this "sound” money "that everybody can use besides allowing for on-chain scalability and creation of a utility in bitcoin cash (bch). on top of this, the team says the hard fork will work for, title=bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis: bears $300 away from recovering 2017 “super rally” gains, summary=Bitcoin Cash (BCH) Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Drop to $300, bleu=0.0513
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price broke to the upside of its short-term consolidation pattern to signal bullish pressure. price has yet to bust through several upside hurdles to confirm that buyers are in control. technical indicators are mostly suggesting that the drop could still resume. bitcoin price made a short-term upside break but still faces several upside hurdles before sustaining the rally. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that there’s a good chance the selloff could still resume. this short-term moving average is also near the top of the channel to add to its strength as a ceiling. applying the fibonacci retracement tool shows the next potential resistance levels where sellers could hop in. price is currently testing the 38.2% retracement but might still pull up to, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: next upside hurdles to clear, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could Selloff Continue?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price traded higher recently and tested the $545 resistance zone against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line in place with support at $510 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently moving lower and is approaching the $510 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum price is holding gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently correcting lower and is approaching a few key supports. ethereum price supportthere was a decent upside move in eth price above the $510 and $530 levels against the us dollar. the price traded towards the $545 and $550 resistance levels where sellers appeared. a high was formed at $549.04 before the price started a downside correction. it declined below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd approaching support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0839
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price staged a rally sharp enough to break past the falling trend line on the 4-hour chart. in addition, a small double bottom has formed on this same time frame to signal that an uptrend is underway. technical indicators, however, are suggesting that the declines could still resume. bitcoin price broke past the descending trend line and the neckline of a small double bottom to signal a possible reversal. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. the shorter-term moving average appears to be holding as resistance for now, but a bullish flag also appears to have formed. this is typically seen as a continuation signal and a break higher could lead to a test of the 200, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: reversal pattern and breakout, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Reversal Continue?, bleu=0.0
summarize:regardless of the current market turmoil, eos continues to court attention following their block producer voting squabbles. still, it is not one of the biggest loser because day to day gains and losses tracker indicates that iota and tron are the leaders in the top 10. from the daily chart, tron is down 22 percent in the last 24 hours meaning it is now down from 9 and perched at position 10. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewjust to quantify, eos is down 16 percent and helping propagate the crypto market loss of more than $20 billion in three days. fact is, eos blockchain is than 72 hours old and validation and other protocols whats not have been done but something that was expected to be a breeze is quickly turning into a trust issue. apparently, some eos, title=eos, tron, litecoin, stellar lumens and iota technical analysis (june 12, 2018), summary=eos Technical Analysis: iota and tron Lead the Crypto Market Loss, bleu=0.029
summarize:key highlightseth price is currently recovering, but upsides remain capped by the $460 level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $460 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may correct a few points in the near term, but it will most likely face sellers near $450-460. ethereum price is under huge selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is likely to extend declines once the current correction is complete. ethereum price resistancethere were heavy declines this past week in eth price from well above the $550 level against the us dollar. the price fell sharply and broke many supports such as $500 and $400. it traded as low as $362 from where a minor upside correction was initiated. it tested the 23.6% fib re, title=ethereum price weekly analysis – eth/usd upsides remain capped, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.1413
summarize:overly, altcoins are on a downtrend but even in the midst of this strong sell pressure, the sentiment around tron mainnet launch seems to be buoying trx prices. therefore, if indeed tron transition is smooth and everything works out, a follow through would be inevitable. remember, btc is fighting back bears and is up one percent in the last 24 hours with a market dominance of 42 percent. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewafter what appeared to be censorship attempts by the eos block producers, a lot of critics are emerging pointing fingers at everything eos. there are some supporters though but what stands out is the ongoing politics around block producers and how they will contribute to the eos community in general. of course, each company has their own baits to draw coin holders to vote them, title=“eos block producers are lying to community and earning $10,000 per day”: eos, iota, stellar lumens, litecoin and tron technical analysis, summary=Altcoin Technical Analysis for tron Mainnet Launch, bleu=0.0044
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are ontology, binance coin, loopring and nexus. in true sideways fashion yesterday’s declines could not be sustained and the bears lost out to the bulls. the markets seem to have been oscillating between red and green days in recent weeks, and today has been the latter during asian trading. although not a strong recovery, crypto markets are up on tuesday’s levels, led by bitcoin which has gained 2.6% on the day to trade around the $7,600 mark. ethereum has made back 3.5% to trade over $600 again and altcoins are generally in the green at the moment. the top performer in the top 25 at the time of writing is ontology. according to coinmarketcap ontology is trading 10% higher on the day and pushing its way up the market cap charts., title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: ontology rising above the rest, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Oculus Rift and Binance Coin Upsides, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price corrected lower after trading as high as $17.01 against the us dollar. there was a break below a connecting bullish trend line with support at $16.60 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair remains supported on the downside above $15.80 and it could resume its uptrend. ethereum classic price is positioned in a bullish trend against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may trade in a range above $15.80 before it makes the next move. ethereum classic price resistancethere was a decent upside move in etc price above the $16.00 level against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded towards the $17.00 level where sellers emerged. a high was formed at $17.01 from where the price started a downside correction. it moved down and broke the $16.80, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd could extend gains, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0407
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has broken past its inverse head and shoulders pattern neckline to show that an uptrend is in the cards. price is hitting another upside barrier at its descending trend line, though, and this might prompt profit-taking. technical indicators are also suggesting that the rally is overdone. bitcoin price is testing the descending trend line on its 4-hour time frame, and moving past this hurdle could mean more gains. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the downtrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the 200 sma also lines up with the descending trend line to add to its strength as resistance. this means that it would take a strong catalyst to trigger and sustain an upside break. stochastic is indicating overbought conditions, though, title=btc price tech analysis for 02/16/2018 – one more hurdle to clear, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Break Down?, bleu=0.0289
summarize:over the past 48 hours, the bitcoin price has dropped by more than eight percent from $7,500 to $6,890, despite having seen some of the most positive developments in the history of the crypto market. bitcoin 1-day price chart, provided by cryptowat.chotc sell-offthe vast majority of short-term traders and casual investors utilize cryptocurrency exchanges such as coinbase, bitfinex, binance, okex, huobi, and upbit to buy and sell major digital assets. developments in the cryptocurrency sector pertaining to merchant adoption, institutionalization of cryptocurrencies, and technical breakthroughs can have a significant impact on the cryptocurrency exchange market. however, according to tabb group’s report, the over-the-counter (otc) market of bitcoin is incomparably larger than its exchange market, by at least two to three-fold. hence, if the cryptocurrency exchange market only accounts, title=what has caused the bitcoin price to drop below $7,000 in the past 48 hours?, summary=Bitcoin Price Drops 8 Percent to $6,890, Despite Positive Developments, bleu=0.0265
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price formed a new monthly high at $829 before starting a downside correction against the us dollar. there was a break below a connecting bullish trend line with support at $770 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair broke the $760 support area and is currently trading below the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is correcting lower from well above $800 against the us dollar. bch/usd must stay above the $720 support area to avoid more declines. bitcoin cash price resistancethere were further gains in bitcoin cash price above the $800 level against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair even broke the $820 resistance and traded to a new monthly high at $829. later, it faced sellers and started a downside correction below $800. there was a substantial downside move and the, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd correcting lower, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Above $800, bleu=0.115
summarize:other than nem, the middle bb is acting as a good support line in most altcoins. because we were expecting lumens and eos to appreciate, we can see the big role the middle bb had in shoring prices. i anticipate more buy pressure as the week comes to a close but my main focus will be on ltc and let’s see what happens to that double bottoms. let’s dissect these charts:nem under-valuation despite close below minor support trend linexemusd 4hr chart for january 27, 2018price eventually broke below the minor support trend line but the follow through has not been impressive so far. in fact after the trickle down, nem found support at around $0.75 before reversing. while it did so, notice the double bar reversal candlestick and a bullish candle, title=altcoin analysis: neo, stellar lumens, eos, ltc and nem, summary=ltc Price Watch: nem Undervalued Despite Minor Support, bleu=0.0402
summarize:technically, xrp prices are breaking off the 40 day horizontal consolidation and retesting the lower limit of our 5 cent trading zone at 40 cents. because of this and the way our xrp trade plan dictates, we suggest selling at every pull back with first targets at 30 cents and later 15 cents—our ultimate level. we also remain cognizant that any high volume spike in prices above 45 cents cancels this projection and snaps xrp back into a range trade. from the newsas reiterated time and time again, trading with xrp is definitely cheap and convenient especially for companies who adopt xrapid and use xrp for their cross border transactions. not only will they benefit from speed and convenience as payment settle within seconds but the mere fact there is cost cutting element is irresistible. it’s along the same lines that mike arrington, title=xrp technical analysis: xrp here to stay regardless of price, summary=xrp Price Watch: XRP, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0272
summarize:key highlightseth price is under pressure as it moved below the $560 support level against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $560 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to decline and it could even attempt a break below the $500 level in the near term. ethereum price is slowly declining once again against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains at a risk of more declines below the $500 level. ethereum price resistancethere were no further gains above the $585-590 levels in eth price against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and traded below the $575 and $560 support levels. there was also a break below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $455 low to $589, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd could break $500, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $500, bleu=0.1585
summarize:even as bears fatten, there is some good news for stellar lumens holders. it is now the fifth largest coin by market capitalization and the most stable coin in the last week shedding 13 percent. this is definitely a huge boost for coin holders and as more mainstream companies eye the efficient platform, we might see price rejuvenation above key resistance points helping drag other coins as litecoin, iota and even trx which is literally heading towards its atls. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysisfrom the newsas bears step up, eos stepped down and is now the sixth largest coin by market cap thanks to stellar lumens resilience. that’s another xlm flip happening in less than two months. technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewby sinking 40 percent week over week, eos is, title=stellar lumens, eos, tron, litecoin, iota technical analysis: low prices, better altcoin stability, summary=eos Technical Analysis: Litecoin, iota and trx Boosted by stellar lumens, bleu=0.0609
summarize:though there are attempts of higher highs now that most coins are yet to break away from key support lines and still trading inside that strong bullish engulfing candlestick of aug 17, odds are today sellers might snap back and confirm the eight month bear trend. as seen from the chart, litecoin, tron, stellar and even iota registered losses with eos printing a seven percent loss yesterday. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewit’s back to red territory for eos. accompanying this depreciation is a seven percent drop in the last day effectively nullifying last week’s attempts for higher highs. judging from the chart, our eos trade plan is clear: sell on every high going forward now that yesterday’s price action was limited with sellers failing to breach au, title=litecoin, eos, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: bitcoin dominance at 53.25% as altcoins register losses, summary=eos Technical Analysis: Litecoin, tron, stellar, Iota, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Poloniex: Sell on Every High Going Forward, bleu=0.0793
summarize:key highlightseth price declined heavily this past week and moved towards the $640 level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $720 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is slowly recovering and is currently facing many hurdles on the upside near $710-720. ethereum price tested major supports versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently correcting higher and is facing resistances near $710 and 100 hourly sma. ethereum price upside barrierthere was a monster decline from the $825 swing high in eth price against the us dollar. the price declined sharply and moved below the $760 and $700 support levels. it even traded below the $650 level and formed a low at $638. later, it started consolidation is showing positive signs above, title=ethereum price weekly analysis – can eth/usd recover further?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.076
summarize:key highlightseth price is trading nicely above the $620 support level with positive signs against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $610 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair remains in a decent uptrend and it could soon break $648 for more gains. ethereum price is trading with bullish signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is positioned nicely to move above the recent high of $648. ethereum price bullish biasthere were further gains in eth price above the $600 level against the us dollar. the price was able to move above the $620 and $640 resistance levels and traded as high as $648. later, there was a slight downside reaction and the price corrected below $640. there was a break below the 23.6% fib, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd to rise further, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $648, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price formed a major low at $13.54 and is currently moving higher against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $17.80 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via simple fx). the pair is currently grinding higher and it could move above the $20.00 level in the near term. ethereum classic price is slowly and steadily moving higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may soon gain traction for more upsides above $20.00. ethereum classic price trendrecently, we saw a major decline in etc price below the $20.00 support against the us dollar. the price traded below the $18.00 and $16.00 support levels. it even traded below the $15.00 support, but found bids near the $13.50 level. a low was formed at $13.5, title=ethereum classic technical analysis – etc/usd grinding higher, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $20.00, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price traded higher recently and moved above the $17.00 barrier against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line formed with support at $16.80 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower, but it remains supported above the $16.80-17.00 levels. ethereum classic price moved into a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd dips remain supported near the $16.80 and $17.00 levels. ethereum classic price trendthis week, there was a nice upside move initiated from the $16.00 swing low in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded above the $16.50 and $17.00 resistance levels to move into a bullish zone. it traded as high as $17.56 and is currently correcting lower., title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd bullish above $16.80, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Supported, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key highlightsada price surged towards the $0.2000 level before starting a downside correction against the us dollar (tethered). there is a significant bullish trend line formed with support at $0.1700 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is correcting lower, but it remains well supported above the $0.1700 level. cardano price is placed nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar, ethereum and bitcoin. ada/usd remains buy on dips near $0.1700. cardano price analysisthere were further gains in cardano price above the $0.1800 level against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair surged above the $0.1900 level and traded close to the $0.2000 level. a high was formed at $0.1970 before the price started a downside correction. it declined, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd approaching key support, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Buy on Dips, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price formed a decent support near the $6,130 level and recovered against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair is currently attempting to break a key bearish trend line with resistance at $6,450 on the hourly chart (data feed from kraken). the pair may correct higher further, but it is likely to face barriers near $6,600 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin price formed a base above $6,100 against the us dollar. btc/usd is recovering, and it could trade higher, but upsides are likely to be capped by $6,600, $6,800 and 100 sma. bitcoin price analysisthere were further declines below the $6,200 support in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded as low as $6,131 before forming a base for an upside move. the, title=bitcoin price watch: can btc/usd break 100 sma?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Recovers Above $6,100, bleu=0.1261
summarize:everyone is shouting buy bitcoin. prices are bottoming up and that might be correct. we don’t want to tag along and buy with the crowd and that’s why we need to see our buy triggers at $7,800 if not $8,000 being hit in the coming days. that’s not all, for us to be confident that bitcoin buyers would add to the five percent it has in the last week, then volume spikes must accompany that up-thrust. from the newsit is true that banks are really finding it hard to adjust to new competition. but, the thing is, what powers their nemesis, cryptocurrencies, the blockchain is not going anywhere anytime. it is changing how things are being done. unfortunately, playing along is but inevitable. so, over the weekend bittrex through their ceo bill shihara did announce that they now have a new partnership with new york’s signature. bit, title=secure your loans with bitcoin: bitcoin price technical analysis (june 4, 2018), summary=Bittrex Partners with New York’s Signature for Cryptocurrency Trading, bleu=0.0219
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined further and traded below the $7,500 support level against the us dollar. there was a break below a declining channel with support at $7,365 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is finding a strong buying interest near $7,250, which could ignite an upward move. bitcoin price declined towards the $7,250 support against the us dollar. btc/usd could recover if buyers manage to keep the price above $7,250. bitcoin price analysisthere were further slides noted below the $7,650 level in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair declined and broke the $7,500 and $7,450 support levels. it seems like buyers failed to keep the price above the $7,500 support, which could be a short term bearish signal. during the decline, there was, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd not out of woods yet, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Recover, bleu=0.1279
summarize:key highlightsripple price came under a lot of pressure and declined below the $0.5800 support area against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance near $0.5800 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more declined below the $0.5500 level in the near term. ripple price is under heavy selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may perhaps settle below $0.5500 to accelerate declines. ripple price resistancethere was a tiny recovery initiated yesterday above the $0.5800 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded above the $0.5800 level, but it faced a solid selling interest near the $0.6000 level. the stated $0.6000 level was a support earlier and now it is acting as a resistance. moreover, the 50% fib, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd under bearish pressure, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5500, bleu=0.1057
summarize:for ripple bears to cease, then we must either see strong fundamental announcement like any of ripple technology being adopted by a central bank or abnormal injection of buying volumes. this is the only way to stop this bearish skew. otherwise, odds are, sellers might push prices towards 45 cents. as such, it’s but logical to trade with the trend and sell in lower time frames as long as prices remain below 60 cents. from the newswhen companies like revolut respond to user demand by increasing their cryptocurrency offerings, good things happen to those added cryptos. in this case, revolut are now availing ripple and bitcoin cash to their customers. ironically though, ripple is inherently meant to be stable, soaking in speculative forces without huge swings. with so much excitement surrounding #xrp, here is everything you need to know about one of the most talked about cryptocurrencies., title=adoption and integration positioning ripple as a global commerce lubricant: ripple (xrp) price-technical analysis (may 25, 2018), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: XRP, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0183
summarize:sec is taking a cautious stand and while bitcoin (btc) traders digest the news, it did register decent gains. in the last week for example, it’s up 10 percent adding to week ending july 22 buy demand. this recovery is likely opening up doors for a bullish q3 2018. from the newsperhaps the disapproval of bats bzx exchange by the us securities and exchange commission (sec) to list the winklevoss bitcoin etf dominated headlines over the weekend. it might also the reason why the price of btc took a slight hit, retraced a little bit stabilizing later as the market processed the nitty gritties of why the sec disapproved the application. of course, the market instant interpretation was that bitcoin didn’t stand a chance in the eyes of the sec. sec’s mandate is to” prevent, title=bitcoin (btc) technical analysis: sec’s bitcoin etf rejection tempering bulls, summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Price Technical Analysis – btc Retraces 10% after Sec Disapproval, bleu=0.0346
summarize:key highlightsripple price started a downside correction after trading above the $0.6200 level against the us dollar. there is a key contracting triangle forming with resistance at $0.6050 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may soon make the next move either above $0.6100 or below $0.5800 in the near term. ripple price is preparing for the next move against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must stay above the $0.5800 level to remain in a positive zone. ripple price supportafter trading above the $0.6200 level, ripple price faced selling interest against the us dollar. the price formed a high at $0.6265 and later started a downside correction. it declined below the $0.6100 and $0.6000 support levels. moreover, there was a break below the 38.2% fib retracement level, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd approaching key break, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Positive, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started a new upside wave from the $650 support area against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines formed with resistance at $770 and $810 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must break and settle above the $800 resistance zone to gain upside momentum. bitcoin cash price is slowly recovering above $700 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to move past the $800-810 barrier to remain in a bullish zone in the near term. bitcoin cash price resistancethis past week, there were heavy losses in bitcoin cash price below the $1,000 level against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined and broke the $800 and $700 support levels. however, the $650 level acted as a decent support and prevented further declines. a low was formed at $651 and the, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd facing tough resistance, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1274
summarize:key highlightsada price declined recently and broke a key support at $0.2300 against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below an important bullish trend line with support at $0.2450 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair traded towards the $0.2100 level and it seems like it could revisit the $0.2000 zone. cardano price tumbled recently against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd could correct higher, but upsides may be capped by the $0.2300 and $0.2400 levels. cardano price analysisthere was a crucial downside move initiated from the $0.2600 swing high in ada price against the us dollar. the price declined and broke many supports such as $0.2500 and $0.2400. more importantly, there was a break below a significant support at $0.2, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd upsides remain limited, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Recover Below $0.2000, bleu=0.115
summarize:perhaps the major take away is how nem found ceiling at $1.14. at that price tag, bears turned aggressive and are now driving prices towards $0.50. like neo, we could see some buy potential but not now. and talking of neo, bears are officially in charge and we can start planning on identifying correct potential reversal zones in the days to come even if prices appreciate towards $200. for all we know, we expect neo sell pressure at around $180 and if high probability reversal patterns begins to form, we can sell. this way, we will be riding with price action as last week’s over-extension corrects. let’s dissect these charts:nem find ceiling at $1.14 as bears target $0.50xemusd 4hr chart for january 22, 2018i must say, nothing has changed. all that is, title=nem found ceiling at $1.14 as sellers target $0.50, summary=neo, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Nikkei, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis for january 22, 2018, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price recovered from the $0.1850 swing low against the us dollar (tethered), but faced sellers near $0.2230. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $0.2050 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair has to break the $0.2250 and $0.2300 resistance levels to continue moving higher. cardano price is slowly recovering against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is facing a major resistance below $0.2300 and is struggling to break the same. cardano price resistancethere was a decent upside move in ada price after it found support near $0.1850 against the us dollar. the price recovered and moved above the $0.2000 resistance level. the upside move was positive since there was a close above the $0.2000 level and the 100 hourly, title=cardano price technical analysis – can ada/usd break this?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Recovers from $0.1850, bleu=0.1355
summarize:fomo momentsin contrast to this time last week the crypto markets are on fire today. after what seemed like an endless bearish winter there is finally some positive momentum which has taken total market cap back over $300 billion for the first time since the end of march. bitcoin erupted a few hours ago surging almost a thousand dollars in less than an hour. it is currently trading 12.4% up on the day at $7,800. many of the altcoins have performed even better and are showing solid gains in asia this morning. one that is way ahead of the pack at the moment is omisego. according to coinmarketcap omg is trading 37% higher during the morning’s asian session. the spike came a couple of hours ago when it jumped from $11.7 to $16 omg has since fallen back to just over $13.7 which is a strong gain from its price, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top is cryptocurrency omisego, summary=omisego, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS: Technical Analysis for the Morning, bleu=0.0228
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price surged higher and broke a major resistance near $850 against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bullish trend line is intact with support near $810 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to accelerate gains above the $875 level and it could test $900 in the near term. bitcoin cash price rocketed higher and broke the $850 barrier against the us dollar. bch/usd remains in a major uptrend and it could test $900. bitcoin cash price uptrendyesterday, we saw a sharp rally above the $800 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. later, the bch/usd pair corrected lower and tested the $780 support area, which acted as a buy zone. as a result, there was a fresh upward move and the price broke, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd could test $900, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Test $900, bleu=0.0684
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price was previously consolidating inside a rising wedge and has just surged past the top. this signals that bulls are ready to charge and push price much higher from here. the wedge spans around $1,000 in height so the resulting move could be of the same size. bitcoin price made a bullish breakout from its rising wedge pattern to signal that further gains are in the cards. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend is more likely to carry on than to reverse. the gap between the two is also widening to signal stronger bullish momentum, and the 100 sma is near the wedge support to add to its strength as a floor in another dip. however, rsi is just turning after reaching overbought levels,, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: upside breakout, quick pullback?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Vue, S&P 500, bleu=0.0173
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is under pressure and is currently trading below $920 against the us dollar. there is a short-term bearish trend line formed with resistance at $900 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to move down and it could soon break the $875 support level. bitcoin cash price is in a bearish trend below $1,000 against the us dollar. bch/usd could accelerate declines towards $800 as long as it is below $960. bitcoin cash price declinethere were further declines noted in bitcoin cash price below the $1,000 level against the us dollar. the price corrected a few points yesterday, but the upside move was capped by the $1,000 level. a fresh downward wave was initiated and the price settled well below the $1,000 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. it even broke the $950 and $900 support, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd accelerating declines, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $875, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightsripple price made a nice upside move before facing sellers near $0.5245 against the us dollar. there was a break below a crucial bullish trend line with support at $0.4950 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently trading near a major support zone at $0.4750 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must hold the $0.4750 support to bounce back in the near term. ripple price supportafter a major upside move, ripple price found resistance near the $0.5245 level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair formed a high at $0.5245 and started a downside correction. it declined below the $0.5000 support and moved into a short-term bearish zone. moreover, there was, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd testing key support, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.042
summarize:unlike litecoin, ripple is still in the top five. this is happening despite shedding four percent in the last 24 hours and three percent in the last week. overly, we remain bullish of ripple more so if we see substantial gains past $1 in consequent sessions. if not, failure means possible liquidation to previous support lines with 45 cents a likely support level. from the newswhether it is a desperate attempt to thrash ripple or not, most people don’t have kind words for martin walker following his digital currency inquiry submission before the house of commons. martin is a member of evidence based management. he claims that cryptocurrencies despite their proven efficiency and instantaneous nature won’t solve delays in international payment transfer or settlement. instead, he says that swiftgpi remains the ultimate fix because "swift is faster and cheaper albeit not, title=ripple (xrpusd) technical analysis: may 9, 2018, summary=Litecoin’s Martin walker: 'Swiftgpi is the ultimate fix', bleu=0.0382
summarize:key highlightsada price climbed higher and broke the $0.2050 and $0.2150 resistance levels against the us dollar (tethered). there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $0.2080 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently correcting lower towards the $0.2150 and $0.2080 support levels. cardano price is moving nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to resume its uptrend once the current correction is over. cardano price analysisthere were solid gains in ada price from the $0.1900 swing low against the us dollar. the price surged higher and broke many resistance levels such as $0.2000 and $0.2080. more importantly, there was a break above a crucial resistance at $0.2150. it traded, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd remains in uptrend, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are nem, aeternity, ontology, zilliqa and siacoin. indecision has kept markets sideways for another day and no real momentum can be measured in either direction at the moment. total market cap has crept up marginally but has still not surpassed $350 billion. bitcoin remains lulling around the $7,700 level, unable to climb back to $8k. btc is up slightly on the day by around 1.3%, eth has also made tiny gains of 1.3% to remain just over $610. when gains are small the altcoins are usually mixed, some dropping a little, some gaining. there are a few solid gainers today however and the best performing one in the top 25 at the moment is nem, with aeternity at 27 also surging. according to, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: nem and aeternity flying on bithumb listings, summary=Altcoin Analysis: nem, aeternity, Ontology, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Zcash, IOTA, BTC, EOS, NEO, S&P 500, bleu=0.0257
summarize:key highlightseth price is slowly moving higher, but it is currently facing sellers near $940 against the us dollar. there is a connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $940 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently just above the 100 hourly simple moving average and it remains supported near $900. ethereum price is slowly gaining pace against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd needs to break the $940 resistance to trade further higher. ethereum price trendthere was no downside break below $920 and $900 support levels in eth price against the us dollar. the price started a nice upside move and succeeded in trading above the $925 resistance. it also moved above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $970 high to $895 low. however, there are many, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd hold this?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Needs to Break $940, bleu=0.0684
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are bitcoin cash, xrp, vechain, and lisk. many expected a reversal this monday morning following a weekend of positive momentum but that has continued and markets are bullish at the moment. total capitalization has been pushed back over $350 billion as $20 billion extra entered crypto markets over the weekend. bitcoin has climbed slightly trading at $7,700 and ethereum has made good gains of around 4.5% trading at around $620. most of the altcoins are in the green during asian trade this morning, but only one in double figures. the one leading the pack at the moment is bitcoin cash. coinmarketcap is reporting a 10.3% gain for bch. currently trading at $1,194 bitcoin cash is up from $1,085 this time yesterday. over the past seven days bch has made solid, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: double figure gains for bitcoin cash, summary=XRP, vechain, and lisk are the Top Altcoins to Watch this Morning, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is in a declining mode and it recently traded below $31.00 against the us dollar. there is an expanding triangle forming with a declining pattern and resistance at $31.00 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to move down and it could retest the $26.00 support area in the near term. ethereum classic price is in a short-term downtrend against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd could extend declines towards the $26.00 and $25.00 support levels. ethereum classic price resistancethere was a decent recovery in etc price above the $35.00 level against the us dollar. the price was able to move above the $36.00 level and formed a high at $36.29. later, a downside move was initiated and the price broke $35.00 support. there was also, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Retest $26, bleu=0.0
summarize:tron price key highlightstron has formed lower highs and higher lows to create a symmetrical triangle pattern. price just bounced off the top and may be due for a test of support soon. technical indicators suggest that there’s a chance for support to break and lead to a selloff. tron is consolidating in a symmetrical triangle pattern and might be due for a break below support. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, support is more likely to break than to hold. price is currently testing the 100 sma dynamic inflection point and it seems to be holding as support, though. also, the gap between the moving averages is narrowing to signal slowing bearish momentum. an upward crossover could even draw buyers back in. rsi is, title=tron (trx) price watch: which way will it break out?, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break Support, bleu=0.0285
summarize:key highlightsripple price is forming a solid support base near the $0.4270 level against the us dollar. there was a short-term break above a bearish trend line at $0.4320 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair could move above $0.4370 to gain traction towards the $0.4500 level in the near term. ripple price is showing positive signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to move past $0.4370 to test the next hurdle near the $0.4500 level. ripple price resistancesthere were many rejections noted near the $0.4270 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair formed a solid support base around $0.4270 and moved higher. the price traded above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last slide from the $0., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd sets eyes on $0.4500, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Could Break $0.4500, bleu=0.1585
summarize:key highlightsripple price started a major upside move from the $0.8850 swing low against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $0.9300 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair traded above the $1.000 level before starting a downside correction. ripple price traded above key resistance levels against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now trading in a bullish zone above the $0.9400 support. ripple price trendafter a brief consolidation around the $0.9000 level, ripple price formed a base against the us dollar. the price started a nice upside move from the $0.8850 swing low and moved above the $0.9200 resistance level. there was also a break above the $0.9400 resistance and a close above the 100 hourly simple moving average. these are positive signs, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd surges above key resistance, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightseth price declined sharply and spiked below the $400 support area against the us dollar. there is a major declining channel in place with resistance at $410 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is placed in a downtrend below $410 and $420 and it could decline further in the near term. ethereum price is sliding aggressively against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is under pressure and it could decline further below $395. ethereum price slidethere was a tiny correction above the $420 level in eth price against the us dollar. however, the eth/usd pair failed to move above the $422 and $424 levels and declined once again. it moved down and broke yesterday’s low near the $410 level. sellers gained control and pushed the price below the $400 level. a, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd under pressure near $400, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Drop Further, bleu=0.1274
summarize:key highlightsada price started a minor upside move and traded above the $0.300i0 level against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $0.3130 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair traded as high as $0.3369 and it is currently correcting lower. cardano price is showing a few positive signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must stay above the $0.3000 level to gain upside momentum in the near term. cardano price supportthere was a short-term bottom formed around the $0.2900 level in ada price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $0.3000 level. it opened the doors for more gains and the price moved towards $0.3400. during the upside, title=cardano price technical analysis – can ada/usd regain momentum?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Above $0.3000, bleu=0.1355
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets are bleeding this morning as we hurtle towards a new monthly low. google’s decision to ban advertising, while at the same time investing in a crypto company, has caused a wave of panic selling once again. bitcoin is leading the charge of the bears by shedding 14% in the past 24 hours and dropping below the key $8,000 level. altcoins are all tanking and only one is in the green this morning, digixdao. according to coinmarketcap dgd is trading just over 4% higher during the morning’s asian trading session. it is the only altcoin in the green in the top 100 where many have crashed by over 25% in the past day; it is another bloodbath in crypto land. the markets are rapidly approaching the big dip of february 6 when total capacity fell to $280 billion, at the moment it is $3, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is digixdao, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Digixdao, bleu=0.058
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to move above the $0.6250 resistance level and declined against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance at $0.6120 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is likely to decline further towards a major support level near $0.5780. ripple price is clearly under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may well accelerate declines below $0.6000 in the near term. ripple price resistancesafter forming a decent support base around $0.5750, ripple price recovered against the us dollar. however, the upside move was limited as the price struggled to break the $0.6200-0.6300 resistance zone. it also failed to settle above $0.6100 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. there was a downside reaction and the price settled below the 50% fib retracement, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd under bearish pressure, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.6000, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price found a support near the $22.50 level after a slide from $25.60 against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line forming with support at $23.00 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair remains well placed in an uptrend and it could rise towards the $25.00 level in the near term. ethereum classic price is trading nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd remains well supported above $23.00 and it may soon gain traction towards $25.00. ethereum classic price supportafter trading above the $25.50 level, etc price started a downside correction against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair declined and traded below the $25.00 and $24.00 support levels. there was even a break below the 50% fib retracement level of the last wave from, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd could retest $25, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0372
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price broke below its ascending triangle consolidation to signal that more losses are in the cards. price is finding a bit of support, though, so a pullback may be taking place from here. the fibonacci retracement tool shows the next potential resistance levels, but technical indicators are signaling more gains. bitcoin price made a downside break from its triangle pattern and looks ready for a pullback before heading further down. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, there’s still a chance for the uptrend to resume and price to move back inside the triangle pattern. however, the 200 sma lines up with the 38.2% fib at $6,360.50 to add to its strength as resistance and the 100 sma, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: more bears waiting to hop on, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Pullback Take Place?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price is slowly moving higher, but it is still below the $1.45 resistance against the us dollar. there is a contracting triangle forming with resistance at $1.4000 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is approaching the next break either above $1.40 or below $1.28 in the short term. ripple price is slowly grinding higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must break the $1.40 resistance area to avoid a downside reaction. ripple price upside hurdlethere was a short-term support base formed around $1.1350 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price started a slow and steady rise and moved above the $1.20 resistance. there was a break above the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last downside push from the $1.6400 swing high to $1.1350, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd approaching break, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $1.40, bleu=0.0403
summarize:altcoins prices are stable and while eos, litecoin and iota buyers retest key resistance lines, buyers can confidently add their stellar lumens longs. odds are we might see a strong july 24 follow through today and after all, buyers are technically in charge after last week’s strong gains. as a matter of fact xlm is up four percent week over week and is second only after bitcoin which is up 10 percent. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewfact is, there is no complete decentralization and in eos, we have 21 block producers tasked with validating and regulating the network. yes, claims of centralization are many but yet there is nothing like complete decentralization per say. even bitcoin-the poster of decentralization-, has, title=stellar lumens, eos, litecoin, iota, tron technical analysis: litecoin, tron, eos readying for the next wave of buy pressure, summary=xlm, Litecoin and Iota Technical Analysis – XLM, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0185
summarize:eth/usdethereum continues to grind higher, as it looks likely to reach towards the $1000 level over the next several days. because of this, i believe that the markets will continue to find buyers on dips, as the large, round, psychologically significant number is far too tempting of a target. i believe that it is not until we break down below the $800 level that you should worry about the uptrend. eth/btcethereum rallied against bitcoin as well, and it looks as if the markets are starting to favor ethereum overall. the market looks likely to go looking towards the 0.07 handle above, and i think dips continue to be supported at the 0.06 level below. thanks for watching, i’ll see you tomorrow. ethereum analysis january 5, 2018 was last modified: january 4th, 2018 by christopher, title=ethereum analysis january 5, 2018, summary=Ethereum Technical Analysis – eth/btcethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0245
summarize:key highlightsripple price is moving higher and it has settled above the $0.2800 and $0.2900 resistances against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line is almost breached near $0.3020 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is likely to gain momentum above the $0.3020 and $0.3080 levels in the near term. ripple price is gaining bullish momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could continue to move higher once it settles above $0.3020. ripple price trendduring the past two sessions, there were positive moves in ripple price above the $0.2700 level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded higher and broke the $0.2800 and $0.2900 resistance levels. it even settled above $0.2900 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. moreover, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd recovery above $0.30 on the cards, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.3020, bleu=0.1136
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has gained some traction since breaking past its inverse head and shoulders neckline. price is now trading inside an ascending channel and testing the resistance. a return in bearish pressure could take it back down to support around the fib levels. bitcoin price is trending higher but might be due for a pullback to its channel support. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this indicates that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. applying the fib tool to the latest swing low and high shows that the 61.8% retracement level lines up with the bottom of the channel at $8338.30. the 38.2% retracement level is close to the mid-channel area of interest at $8600. the 100 sma, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 04/23/2018 – bulls back in action!, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest Fib, bleu=0.0283
summarize:there have been wonderful news in the last two days. facebook is reversing their cryptocurrency ad ban five months after issuing a directive while tron is now on their mainnet after successfully completing their erc 20-mainnet coin swap. besides, there is vw formation of nav seeking to bring standardization in the av systems. all these should be positive and perhaps that is why prices are a little bit stable as they test key support lines. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewtwo weeks after launch and eos is chocking with centralization accusations and human involvement in governance in a sphere that is supposed to run on autopilot. that everything should be dry and coin holders are solely responsible for their own coins’ private keys. of course, we may argue that change is after all good but what with, title=“tron-pornhub partnership might repel corporate involvement hurting trx prices”: iota, eos, stellar lumens, tron and litecoin technical analysis, summary=eos Technical Analysis: XRP, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, EOS, Zcash, IOTA, OTC, S&P/USD, bleu=0.0216
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to rise further and started a downside move from the $0.7246 high against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance near $0.6850 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently trading just above the $0.6100 support and it remains at a risk of more losses. ripple price is under short-term pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must stay above the $0.6100 support to avoid further declines in the near term. ripple price declineafter trading above the $0.7000 level, ripple price failed to hold gains against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and traded below the $0.7000 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. it also broke the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last upside wave from the $0.53, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd hold $0.6100?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains at Risk of More Losses, bleu=0.1136
summarize:key highlightseth price started a major downside correction below the $500 level against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted key bullish trend line was breached with support at $485 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently trading near the $470 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum price trimmed most of its gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must stay above the 100 hourly sma to avoid a push to $455. ethereum price supportthere was a decent upside move above the $500 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded as high as $517 before sellers appeared. the price started a solid downside correction and moved below the $500 and $490 support levels. during the decline the price cleared the 50% fib, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd hold 100 sma?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Above $500, bleu=0.1261
summarize:fomo momentsthe markets just cannot gain any momentum at the moment and after a brief and short-lived rally yesterday they are mostly back in the red today. bitcoin failed to break resistance at $10k and has fallen back closer to $9k. altcoins have, as usual, slumped with it losing most of their gains over the past two days. there is only one cryptocurrency in the green during this morning’s asian trading session and that is nem. coinmarketcap reports xem trading 20% higher on the day. last month was a bad one for this cryptocurrency as it lost over 50% of its value and was the worst performer in the top 25. nem is showing some recovery now though and is trading at $0.42 up from $0.34 this time yesterday. in terms of btc it is performing even better, up 26% to 4648 satoshis from 3676, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is nem, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Xem, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0165
summarize:key highlightsripple price gained momentum recently and settled above the $0.3000 and $0.3200 resistances against the us dollar. there is a new important connecting bullish trend line in place with support at $0.3310 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair remains well supported on the downside above $0.3200 and is placed in an uptrend. ripple price is placed in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could continue to gain traction above the $0.3400 and $0.3500 levels. ripple price supportthis past week, there was a nice upside move in ripple price above the $0.2800 resistance level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair gained traction and buyers were successful in pushing the price above the $0.3000 and $0.3200 resistance levels. the price also climbed above the $0., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd remains in uptrend above $0.32, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.116
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price rocketed higher and broke the $16.00 and $18.00 resistances against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at $18.20 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may correct a few points, but dips remain supported near the $18.40 and $18.20 levels. ethereum classic price surged higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is placed in a bullish zone above the $18.00 pivot level. ethereum classic price trendthere was a strong support base formed near $14.50 level in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair gained bullish momentum above $15.00 after the coinbase listing. the price jumped higher and broke many resistances like $16.00, $17.00 and $18.00, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd surging, dips remain supported, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0312
summarize:there’s a story many may remember from when they were kids. it’s about an old locomotive struggling to get up a hill pulling a train. everyone was saying it’ll never happen – the train’s done. it can’t keep up with the new trains, new engines, etc. but then it starts to move. one by one the people who said it couldn’t happen back away, or switch to cheering it on. eventually, the locomotive gets to the top of the hill; it’s tired, but by the time it’s there, it realizes that it no longer needs to work so hard – the carriages behind it have built up some momentum and are working to push the locomotive along. right now, bitcoin is that locomotive. and right now, one by one, the people who were saying it could never reach double figures again are backing away from there convictions. go on, locomotive. you, title=bitcoin price watch; struggle on, locomotive., summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: What’s Going On?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum was up 10.79% to $830.99 against the u. s dollar in the early part of this morning, as market sentiment towards the market improved through wednesday. a bullish trend has been formed, with ethereum looking to test the first major resistance level of $831.04 for a third time today, having moved through to an intraday high $835.87 in the early hours. resistance will be on the stronger side with investors ready to lock in profits early. ethereum price supportfollowing tuesday’s intraday low $555.56, support levels kicked in, with eth/usd moving to an intraday high $851.20 before easing back to a $757.07 close on wednesday. market sentiment has seen a vast improvement from tuesday’s lows on expectations that regulatory, title=eth tech analysis – looking to break free amidst fierce resistance, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd to Test Major Resistance, bleu=0.0446
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets are still looking strong this morning as buyers dominate during asian trading. the total market capitalization surpassed $400 billion for the first time in over six weeks yesterday and has continued higher today. bitcoin is still bullish and has moved above $9,000 to trade up 3.6% on the day at $9,170 at the time of writing. altcoins have been leading the charge this time around and are largely in the green at the moment, the one running away with it today is bitcoin gold. for the second day coinmarketcap is reporting that a forked version of bitcoin is the top performing cryptocurrency. btg is up 29% on the day according to the analytics website and is trading at $87 from $68 this time yesterday. volume has jumped significantly in the past 24 hours from $30 million to $178 million. over the week bitcoin gold has gained an impressive 72% from $51 this time, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is bitcoin gold, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Forked Bitcoin is Top Performer, bleu=0.0507
summarize:key highlightsripple price is struggling to move higher and is currently trading below $1.0850 against the us dollar. there is a major contracting triangle pattern forming with resistance at $1.0700 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair has to move above $1.0700 and the 100 hourly simple moving average to move further higher. ripple price is slowly moving away from the bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must break above $1.0700 and the 100 hourly sma to avoid further declines. ripple price upside hurdlethere was no upside break above $1.12 in ripple price during the past three sessions against the us dollar. the price started a slow and steady downside move and traded below $1.10. it also traded below the $1.0750 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the last upside move not sustainable, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd break 100 sma?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1243
summarize:abitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has recently surged past the resistance around $7400 but might be due for a pullback. applying the fibonacci retracement tool on the latest swing low and high shows the potential correction areas. technical indicators are suggesting that the uptrend could carry on from here. bitcoin price made a strong rally last week and more buyers could be waiting to join in on a pullback. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the climb is more likely to resume than to reverse. the gap between the moving averages is widening to reflect strengthening bullish pressure. the 100 sma is slightly above the 38.2% fibonacci retracement level to add an extra support zone. the 200 sma is closer to, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 04/16/2018 – more buyers waiting for a pullback?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – A Bitcoin Price Watch, bleu=0.0175
summarize:key highlightseth price started a fresh upside move from the $826 swing low against the us dollar. there was a break above a crucial bearish trend line with resistance at $848 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair may continue to move higher as long as it is above the $840 level. ethereum price is recovering nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may continue to rise towards the next resistances near $865 and $870. ethereum price trendafter a steady decline, eth price found buyers near the $825 level against the us dollar. the price formed a low at $826 and later it started an upside move. it recovered and traded above the $840 resistance level. the best part was a break and close above the $848 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average. these are positive, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd recovery underway, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Continue to Rise, bleu=0.1261
summarize:eos price key highlightseos has formed lower highs and higher lows to consolidate inside a symmetrical triangle. price is approaching the peak of the formation, so a breakout could be due soon. technical indicators are showing mixed clues on which way price might break out, though. eos price is consolidating in a symmetrical triangle pattern and is approaching the peak to signal that a breakout is looming. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance is to the downside. however, the gap has narrowed enough to signal that a bullish crossover is in the works, likely allowing support to hold or even for resistance to be broken. the chart pattern spans 6.500 to 9.000 so the resulting breakout could be of the same height. in other words, a move below support and, title=eos price watch: watch out for a triangle breakout, summary=EOS Price Technical Analysis – Could a Breakout Be Coming Soon?, bleu=0.0339
summarize:besides eos/usd, most high cap altcoins are trading above the middle bb-a level which is important in our analysis. even though we saw a general slowdown in bullish momentum, we expect prices to bounce back today or tomorrow and with every low these alt coins make, buyers should take advantage of the free discount and load up their longs when a stochastics buy signal prints preferably in the 4hr chart. i will be watching how eos and neo turn out at the end of the day because all we need is a push and close above $11.5 and $130 respectively. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlmusd daily chart for february 16, 2018prices are oscillating around our main resistance line at around $0.50. while yesterday’s prices were largely bearish with no, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, nem and lumens, summary=Altcoin Analysis: XLM, neo, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, EOS, Nikkei: Technical Analysis – xlm/usd, bleu=0.0396
summarize:dashthe dash markets did very little during the day on friday, as we continue to go back and forth, and it looks likely that we are trying to build enough momentum to go back towards the top of the consolidation range, the $1200 level. if we break down below the $900 level, we should continue to go much lower. however, i think that we are much more likely to simply bounce and continue the overall sideways trading action. ltc/usdlitecoin markets did very little during the trading session on monday as well, as we are celebrating martin luther king day in america, so that of course has an influence on the lack of volume. i do think that we are much more likely to go higher, perhaps reaching towards the $270 level above. however, it’s probably going to be rather slow. thanks for watching, i’ll be back tomorrow, title=dash and litecoin analysis, summary=ltc/usdlitecoin Trading Roundup: XRP/USD, EOS, BTC, Stellar Lumens, IOTA, S&P 500: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price is trading in a range above the $0.7700 support level against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted monster contracting triangle pattern with current support near $0.7700 is intact on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair seems to be struggling to gain momentum above $0.8000 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price continues to trade in a range against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may rise, but it could struggle to break the $0.8000 and $0.8200 resistances. ripple price rangethere was no upside action above $0.8000 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price is currently trading in a range and is preparing for the next move above $0.8000. the recent low was formed at $0.7630 form where the price started rising slowly. it is currently trading near the 38.2% fib re, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd extends consolidation, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.8000, bleu=0.0403
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price finally broke above the neckline of its inverse head and shoulders pattern to signal that a rally is underway. the chart pattern is around $1,000 tall so the uptrend has room to go, but a pullback might take place. technical indicators are showing mixed signals while sentiment favors more bitcoin price gains. bitcoin price made a strong upside break from the neckline of its inverse head and shoulders pattern. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma just crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this confirms that the reversal is more likely to gain traction than to retreat. the chart pattern spans $5,800 to $6,800 so the resulting uptrend could be of the same size. this could be enough to take bitcoin price to $7,800 so it’s not too late to join the rally., title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bullish pattern confirmation!, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can Bitcoin Price Break $7,800?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price formed a short-term top near $8,600 and started a downside move against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $8,370 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must hold the $8,240 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average to avoid more losses. bitcoin price is trading above a major support at $8,240 against the us dollar. btc/usd should stay above the 100 hourly sma to trim recent losses. bitcoin price analysisafter trading towards the $8,600 level, bitcoin price faced a selling interest against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair formed a short-term top at $8,596 and started a downside move. the price declined and moved below the $8,400 support level, title=bitcoin price watch: can btc/usd hold 100 sma?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Above $8,400, bleu=0.1261
summarize:bitcoin cash price key highlightsbitcoin cash also formed a double bottom reversal pattern and appears to be inching past the neckline. in that case, this could confirm that bulls are back in the game and ready to take price much higher from here. technical indicators are still reflecting the presence of bearish pressure, though. bitcoin cash is attempting to break past the neckline of its reversal pattern to signal that an uptrend is in the cards. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma on this time frame to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, there’s a good chance that the downtrend might still be able to resume. then again, the gap between the moving averages has narrowed enough to suggest that a bullish crossover is imminent. once that happens, more buyers could rush in, title=bitcoin cash (bch) price watch: ready for uptrend confirmation?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – Can Bulls Hold Upside?, bleu=0.0312
summarize:key highlightseth price is under a lot of bearish pressure below the $430 and $410 levels against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines in place with resistance at $432 and $412 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair needs to settle above $432 and the 100 sma (4-hours) to move back in a positive zone. ethereum price is trading with bearish moves versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is facing major hurdles near $732 for a recovery in the near term. ethereum price resistancesthis past week, there were mostly bearish moves below $440 in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair declined and broke the $430 and $423 support levels. it moved into a bearish zone below $430, title=ethereum price weekly analysis: eth/usd facing uphill task, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1413
summarize:regardless of our medium to long term bullish skew, sellers are driving prices across the board. apart from eos,which is the only coin in the top 10 registering a modest three percent gain, others made losses. stellar lumens leads with a three percent loss in the past 24 hours and chances are it shall add their losses today following a bearish break below the middle bb and support line visible in the 4hr chart. other than that, we anticipate losses in litecoin, eos and iota today. let look at these charts:eosusd (eos)eos 4hr chart by trading viewof all the coins in the top 10, eos is the only one returning positive gains in the last 24 hours. in fact it is up three percent adding on to their weekly gains but still prices are trending below the, title=iota, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin, eos: technical analysis for may 8, 2018, summary=eos, Litecoin, Iota, Stellar Lumens: Price Analysis for 24 Hours, bleu=0.0334
summarize:key highlightseth price is holding the $550-555 support area and is currently consolidating against the us dollar. there is a short-term connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $570 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is facing many important hurdles on the upside near $500, $605 and $612. ethereum price is consolidating losses against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must settle above the 100 hourly simple moving average and $605 for more upsides. ethereum price upside hurdlesthere were mostly ranging moves above $555 in eth price during the past few sessions against the us dollar. the price tested the $550-555 support area on a couple of occasions, but sellers failed to break the stated zone. at the moment, it seems like the price is consolidating in a range above, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd hold $555?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0687
summarize:dash/usddash has been slightly negative during the trading session on wednesday, but at this point i think we are testing the top of a downtrend in channel. if we can break above the top of the channel, and more importantly the $1200 level, then the market will go much higher. i think eventually we will target the $1500 level. if we break down below the $1050 level, the market will probably continue to go lower. ltc/usdlitecoin has been a bit sideways during the trading session as there is no volume. the lack of volume continues to play the market, and although we have been bullish of the last couple of sessions, the $260 level offering resistance. that was previous support, so it makes sense that the sellers may return. i think litecoin may roll over a bit from here, but i think that the $200, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 4, 2018, summary=ltc/usdlitecoin Technical Analysis for Wednesday, bleu=0.0
summarize:bears all over guys and so far, all altcoin gains from last week’s bullish run has been reversed. ltc, eos, neo, lumens and even dash are on a down trend testing last week’s lows. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd daily chart for february 23, 2018so far, lumens sellers are trending right at last week’s lows and that’s a 100% retracement as far as price action is concerned. now, the thing is this week has been largely bearish-we can see that and track from what has been happening over the past couple of days. if we zoom into the 4hr chart we notice that bear momentum is waning as candlestick are beginning to print away from the lower b, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, dash and lumens, summary=ltc, neo, lumens, Dash, Poloniex: Altcoin Technical Analysis – XLM/USD Downtrend, bleu=0.0699
summarize:come on bitcoin, you can do it. things are very very gradually starting to pick up in the bitcoin space right now. having suffered a series of substantial downside runs over the last 72 hours or so, we headed into this morning’s session out of europe with one key aim – to see bitcoin form a near-term bottom and to kick off something of a correction. take a look at the chart below. the chart shows how price dipped into the early evening period but has since staged a substantial bounce (there are buyers at these levels, after all!) and things currently trade at a little over $7,000 a piece. that’s still down considerably on the levels we were looking at at the start of january (indeed, just last week) but it’s a bounce and a bounce is all it takes to get things turned around long term. so, with this in mind, title=bitcoin price watch; here’s what’s on tonight, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can Bitcoin Break Below $7,000?, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently broke past key resistance levels but is now consolidating around the $7,400 level. this could be seen as a bullish flag pattern, which follows a strong rally and could be seen as a continuation signal. a break past the $7,600 level could be enough to confirm that the bullish run is resuming. bitcoin price appears to be consolidating inside a bullish flag pattern, which could be indicative of another run higher. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the rally is more likely to resume than to reverse. the mast of the flag spans $6,700 to $7,400 so the resulting surge could be of the same height. note that bitcoin price has surged past a short-term ascending channel top to, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: is that a bullish continuation signal?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can a Bullish Flag Continue?, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started a downside correction after trading above the $770 resistance against the us dollar. there was a break below a short-term declining channel with support at $755 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to test an important support around the $730 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price failed to break the $780 resistance against the us dollar. bch/usd is moving lower, but it could find support near $730-740. bitcoin cash price supportthere was a decent upside move above the $750 resistance in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair even traded above the $770 resistance. however, the pair failed to break the $780 resistance. as a result, there was a downside reaction. it declined below the 38.2% fib retracement, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd correcting lower, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Test $730, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightseth price is trading nicely above the $1000 level and is moving positively against the us dollar. there is a monster bearish trend line acting as a resistance at $1150 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair has to settle above $1150 and the 100 simple moving average (4-hours) to gain traction. ethereum price has recovered nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd now has to break the $1150 and $1180 level to gain further momentum. ethereum price resistancethere was a slow and steady recovery initiated from the $750 swing low in eth price against the us dollar. the price gained traction and was able to move above the $900 resistance level. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1415 high, title=ethereum price weekly analysis – can eth/usd overcome this?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Needs to Break $1150, bleu=0.0684
summarize:ethereum price key highlightsethereum price has formed lower highs and higher lows to create a symmetrical triangle on the 1-hour chart. price is testing the top of the triangle and might be due for a bounce. ethereum is also nearing the peak of the formation, so a breakout in either direction is also a possibility. ethereum is consolidating inside a symmetrical triangle pattern and is testing the resistance. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, resistance is more likely to break than to hold or support is more likely to hold than to break. rsi is indicating overbought conditions, though, and turning lower could bring sellers back in. in that case, ethereum could follow suit and drop back to the triangle bottom, title=ethereum (eth) price watch: ready for a triangle breakout?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ethereum Could Break Bottom, bleu=0.0306
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price failed to move above the $6,600 resistance and it currently under pressure against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line formed with resistance at $6,500 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must move above the $6,500 hurdle and the 100 hourly simple moving average to climb higher. bitcoin price is still struggling to gain pace above $6,600 against the us dollar. btc/usd is likely to hold the $6,325 and $6,230 support levels in the near term. bitcoin price analysisthis past week, there was a decent bounce from the $6,130 level in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded above the $6,500 and $6,600 resistance levels. however, sellers successfully defended the $6,700-30 zone. as a result,, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd struggle continues, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Under Pressure, bleu=0.1562
summarize:fomo momentsas we roll into the weekend markets have gone predictably red once again. bitcoin is up a couple of percent but most of the altcoins are sliding during the morning trading session in asia. one however stands out from the rest and today the leading altcoin is monero. coinmarketcap reports that xmr is up over 15% today. from a trading level of around $320 yesterday the anonymous private altcoin has jumped to $372 today. monero has been one of the better performing cryptocurrencies during february, rising 11% when most other coins have fallen. looking at the weekly picture xmr is up 37% and continues to climb. the price hike is likely due to an upcoming hard fork and airdrop around march 14. monerov will be spawned and holders of monero will get a 10x bonus of xmv, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is monero, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Xmr, Monero, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, BTC, EOS, NEO, IOTA, Slack and More, bleu=0.0139
summarize:despite recent market wide appreciation, ethereum (eth) is literal unresponsive and trading below $550. because of this and in line with our previous ethereum (eth) technical analysis, we remain neutral. besides, we remain cautious and aware that any dip below $400 will mean bear trend resumption. from the newsinteresting developments in the crypto world and as the market matures; chances are we might see more institutional involvement. already, by accepting merchandise purchase in crypto, samsung stores across the three baltic states of lithuania, latvia and estonia are directly endorsing cryptocurrencies. encouragingly, this could open the door for high stake companies to accept crypto. that would not only improve confidence in the sector but would help steady prices and probably eliminate volatility for which crypto is well known for. howdy mewfam! we thought that we’d, title=ethereum (eth) technical analysis: ethereum (eth) bulls trending on egg shells, summary=Ethereum Technical Analysis – ethereum (eth) Could Remain Below $400, bleu=0.1535
summarize:like the rest of the markets, ripple is down 20 percent in the last seven days effectively reversing previous gains. however, it remains perched at position three in the liquidity list. even though the future prospects of this coin is wonderful, short term selling with targets at 45 cents can be a good trading strategy. from the newswinter is coming for cryptocurrencies in general. facebook is all about being social and according to reports we are all receiving, they are planning to launch their own cryptocurrencies in a bid to improve lives even in the remotest part of the world. in their master plan, a cross border system that builds on the power of marcus lead blockchain research wing of facebook shall surely eliminate the sufferings of the diaspora. now, if every one of their 1 billion users decides to utilize the coin once it goes live, we expect an immediate lift off and of course a shift of capital to, title=china to rate ripple and 24 other coins: ripple (xrp) technical analysis, summary=Facebook to Launch a Cryptocurrency for the Diaspora, bleu=0.023
summarize:undoubtedly, neo is china’s flagship project and is an important project. despite that big tag, neo is on a slide and so far, sellers are aiming for $25 if not for $12 assuming prices break from this horizontal consolidation. at the moment, neo is down four percent in the last day and it is likely to lose more as traders move within a bear break out pattern. from the newsit’s exciting time for cryptocurrency and smart contract platforms including neo. as we know, neo and tron are some of the high level dlt projects from china that promises a lot. both are run on their own mainnet but there are some as ontology that appreciate the initial support of their former blockchain, in this case, neo. everyone does agree that competition is healthy but tron mainnet launch was characterized by taunt, title=neo technical analysis: ontology’ ont $40 million air drop back firing, summary=neo Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0202
summarize:key highlightseth price failed once again around the $482-484 resistance and declined against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at $454 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is holding the $450 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a positive sign. ethereum price is placed in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must stay above the $454 support and the 100 hourly sma to move higher. ethereum price trendyesterday, there was a decent upside move above the $465 resistance in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded above the $480 level, but the upsides were capped by the $484 level. a high was formed at $484.22 and, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd holding 100 sma, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still hovering above the long-term support around the $6,000 area. a bullish divergence can be seen, suggesting that a bounce may be in order. moving averages, however, still indicate that more losses are in the cards. bitcoin price is still testing the long-term floor, and a bullish divergence signals that a bounce may happen. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma just crossed below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse or that support is more likely to break than to hold. however, rsi formed higher lows while price had lower lows, creating a bullish divergence. the same is the case for stochastic as it also had higher lows in the same period., title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bullish divergence spotted, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEM, SPY: Bullish Divergence Possible, bleu=0.0182
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to move above the $0.5620 resistance area and trimmed gains against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line in place with support at $0.5250 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair has to remain above the $0.5250 support area to avoid further losses in the near term. ripple price struggled to hold gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is currently moving lower and is testing a major support area near $0.5250. ripple price supportyesterday, we saw a nice upside move above the $0.5400 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded above the $0.5500 and $0.5600 resistance levels. however, the price failed to hold gains above $0.5600 and formed a high near $0.5620. a fresh downside move was initiated and, title=ripple price analysis: can xrp/usd hold this support?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Above $0.5250, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price stayed above the $1,240 support level and recovered against the us dollar. there was a break above a connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $1,320 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is now back above $1,350 and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a positive sign. bitcoin cash price is showing positive signs above $1,350 against the us dollar. bch/usd may resume its uptrend as long as it is above $1,280. bitcoin cash price supportafter a major decline, bitcoin cash price found support near the $1,240 level against the us dollar. a low was formed at $1,232 before the price started consolidating losses. later, a fresh upside wave started and the price moved above $1,300. it also succeeded in settling above the 23.6%, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd back above 100 sma, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0372
summarize:tron price key highlightstron bounced off the 0.0564 level to signal that buyers are back, but it has yet to break past nearby ceilings. price is currently testing the 50% retracement level that lines up with an area of interest. a larger pullback could find resistance at the falling trend line and 61.8% fibonacci retracement level. tron made a strong bounce but has yet to break past nearby resistance levels to confirm bullish momentum. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the downtrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the gap between the moving averages is widening to reflect strengthening bearish momentum, but price has also moved past the 100 sma dynamic resistance to signal bullish pressure. the 200 sma is close to, title=tron (trx) price watch: bearish pullback or long-term bounce?, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0311
summarize:it is likely that most altcoins will complete a 3-bar bull reversal pattern known as a morning star right at key support levels in the weekly chart. ltc, lumens and eos/usd will lead the charge and offer wonderful buy opportunities next week. my advice is for buyers to wait for meaningful entries next week and not to buy at peaks at current prices. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlmusd daily chart for february 17, 2018in the coming sessions, trading lumens is pretty much straight forward. as we can see from the chart, prices are trending higher and with stochastics signals widening, it is likely that prices will continue rally-as it is doing at the moment, meaning every pull back in lower time frames is another clear buying opportunity. let’s not forget that we are trading, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iot and lumens, summary=Altcoin Analysis: ltc, lumens, eos and Usd to Continue Bull Run, bleu=0.0924
summarize:undoubtedly, besides iota which is gaining due to hannover messe events, most coins like neo, litecoin, stellar lumens and eos are stagnant and trading within narrow ranges. they are actually retesting the middle bb and should bears overcome support, we anticipate corrections especially in neo and litecoin trading pairs. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens 4hr chart by trading viewrecent development is that you can now manage your xlm wallet from stellar’s dex. this means you can keep control of your wallet all courtesy of the distribution that dex rides on. besides this, prices are tepid and in the past 24 hours, stellar lumens is up 2., title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 23, 2018, summary=xlm, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, IOTA Technical Analysis – XLM/USD Up 22%, bleu=0.0301
summarize:key highlightseth price fell sharply and even traded below the $500 level before correcting higher against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $550 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is struggling to move above the $540-550 resistance area, which is a bearish sign in the near term. ethereum price nosedived recently against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd has to move above the $550 resistance to initiate a decent recovery. ethereum price upside hurdlethe past few days were mostly bearish on eth price as it declined below $500 against the us dollar. the price tumbled and even broke the $460 support area. however, it managed to stay above the $450 level and started an upside correction. a low was formed at $453 from where it corrected, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd recover?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.084
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still in an uptrend and attempting to break past the $9000 barrier. price is also inside an ascending channel on its 1-hour chart and appears to be setting its sights on the top. a continuation of the rally could take bitcoin price up to the $9500 level. bitcoin price bounced off the bottom of its ascending channel pattern on the 1-hour chart to show that bulls are still in the game. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the rally is more likely to continue than to reverse. however, the gap between the moving averages has narrowed to signal weaker bullish momentum. if a downward crossover materializes, bitcoin price could fall back to the channel support at $9000 for another test. stochastic is already, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 05/03/2018 – can bulls keep charging?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can Bitcoin Price Break $9500?, bleu=0.0289
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price found support around the $1,275 level after a major decline against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance near $1,500 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to find sellers on the upside near the $1,480 and $1,500 levels in the near term. bitcoin cash price declined towards $1,250 against the us dollar. bch/usd is correcting higher, but upsides remain capped by the $1,500 level. bitcoin cash price resistancethis past week, bitcoin cash price trimmed most of its gains and declined from the $1,700 level against the us dollar. the price declined sharply and moved below the $1,500 and $1,300 support levels. it traded close to the $1,250 support and a low was formed at $1,276., title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd upsides remain capped, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0407
summarize:key highlightsripple price found support near the $0.4300 level and recovered a few points against the us dollar. there was a break above major connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $0.4500 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently attempting an upside break above $0.4620 the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is trading with a positive bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must break $0.4620 and $0.4650 to accelerate higher in the near term. ripple price resistancethis past week, there was a sharp decline in ripple price from well above the $0.5000 level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair declined and cleared the $0.4600 and $0.4500 support levels. there was also a close below the $0.4500 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd eyeing upside break above $0.4650, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Must Break $0.4620, bleu=0.1246
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined sharply and moved below the $1,000 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted major bearish trend line with current resistance at $1,080 is intact on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher towards the $1,050 and $1,080 resistance levels in the near term. bitcoin cash price failed to recover and declined below $1,000 against the us dollar. bch/usd may correct higher, but upsides are likely to be limited. bitcoin cash price declinethere was a sharp increase in selling pressure from $1,150 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price declined sharply and broke many supports such as $1,100 and $1,050. the decline was such that sellers succeeded in pushing the price below the $1,000 handle. bch is now trading well below the $1,100 pivot level, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd jaw dropped below $1,000, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.0312
summarize:on december 29th ripple soared by more than 55% to reach an all time high of $2.23 implying a market cap of more than $86 billion which was well-over ethereum’s $73 billion at the time. coverage seems to be infiltrating mainstream media now, with ripple even getting a mention on the bbc. so what has caused this market reaction? i think the market is taking notice of ripple’s speed, reliability and scalability — which has strengthened the demand for ripple where it’s listed. ripple has gone from being listed on six exchanges earlier this year to more than 50 worldwide. at a fundamental level, growing adoption of ripple seems to have driven its rise in value. over the weekend, three of japan’s largest credit card companies revealed they had signed up to use it to handle payments and settlement. prior to this announcement, south, title=ripple xrp: the influence of exchanges, summary=Ripple Price Hits All Time High of $86 Billion as Market Reacts to Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0263
summarize:key highlightsripple price is following a bullish path above the $0.4750 pivot level against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line in place with support at $0.4900 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is likely to extend the current upside move as long as it is above $0.4800 and $0.4750. ripple price is holding important support levels against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to move further higher above the $0.5050 level in the near term. ripple price trendyesterday, there was a minor upside wave above the $0.4900 level in ripple price against the us dollar. after forming a low near the $0.4750 support, the price moved higher. there was a break above the 50% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $0.5204 high, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd holding key support, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5050, bleu=0.0339
summarize:crypto exchanges-regardless of their database location-are having a rough time with hackers. after several south korean and japanese attacks, bancor got exploited and $12.5 million worth of bnt was used to withdraw eth. it’s definitely bad press and sellers are spearheading this on-slaughter. so far, it’s double digit losses for eos, iota, tron and litecoin. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewisn’t it startling to know that block one realize that they are powerful and actually don’t care about that. they have 100 million eos tokens under them and should they begin using that to vote then eosio- despite all their calls of running on, title=eos, litecoin, tron, iota, stellar lumens technical analysis: altcoins bleeding under bear and hackers attack, summary=eos, Litecoin and iota Trading Analysis: XRP, IOTA, S&P, EOS, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0542
summarize:bitcoin cash price key highlightsbitcoin cash celebrated its anniversary but bulls seemed to be nowhere in sight. price broke below a short-term trend line and triangle consolidation to set off a new wave lower. price could be aiming for the next floor at the longer-term horizontal support from here. bitcoin cash price barely drew support during its first anniversary as it sets its sights on a lower support zone. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma for bitcoin cash to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. however, price has tumbled below both moving averages to reflect a pickup in selling pressure. the 50 sma is also making a bearish crossover. price looks ready for further declines until the very bottom around $660 but rsi has made it to the oversold region to reflect exhaustion among sellers, title=bitcoin cash (bch) price watch: aiming for next major support, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – Can rsi Continue?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started a recovery and traded above the $1,300 level against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,365 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must break the $1,365-80 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average to gain momentum. bitcoin cash price is slowly correcting higher against the us dollar. bch/usd has to clear the $1,380 hurdle and 100 sma to move back in a positive zone. bitcoin cash price upside hurdleafter trading as low as $1,240, bitcoin cash price started an upside correction against the us dollar. the price recovered and moved above the $1,280 and $1,300 resistance level. it also succeeded in breaking the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1,48, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – can bch/usd break 100 sma?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Recovers Above $1,300, bleu=0.034
summarize:from our charts, ethereum is reversing previous losses and week over week it’s up one percent though chances of further upsides exceeds that of sell pressure. while i remain upbeat, we must take caution and note that may 11 ethereum highs at $750 is a strong resistance line. technically-and considering our analysis, it is a liquidation line and an upper limit of may 11 upper limit short covering. if there is elevation in ethereum bull market participation and prices thrust above this resistance, then we can ramp up longs in lower time frames. from the newsit’s only three days before the much publicized tron virtual machine (tvm) goes live and the tron foundation have their baits in ethereum waters. without wasting time, they are quick to act and are promising developers a wide array of benefits should they want to shift building environment and, title=farmers are clogging the ethereum network: ethereum (eth) technical analysis (may 22, 2018), summary=Ethereum Technical Analysis – ethereum Reversing Previous Losses, bleu=0.014
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has rallied in the past few hours but also hit resistance on its channel. if this continues to keep gains in check, bitcoin could still resume the selloff to the support areas marked. using the fib extension tool shows the potential downside targets in the short-term. bitcoin price might still resume its downtrend as the top of its descending channel is keeping gains in check. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, an upward crossover appears to be materializing and if so, bitcoin price might still be able to break past the channel top. in particular, a move past the swing high around $8,600 could confirm that buyers have the upper hand. rsi is dipping into, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bears might not be done yet, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can rsi Recover?, bleu=0.0
summarize:though gains are around three percent week over week, altcoins are clearly rejecting lower lows and recovering. thus far, there are reasonable gains in litecoin, eos and stellar lumens. if stellar lumens shake off sellers and bulls drive prices above 26 cents, chances are another flip may happen with eos dropping down to position six in the liquidity table. before that happens, we suggest short term buys in iota, tron and litecoin with stops at immediate support lines. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysisfrom the newseosfinex, which is almost complete, is building a trustless and high performance da trading platform around the scalability and speed that’s only available at eosio. in a recent interview, kasper rasmussen, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: altcoins shaking off sellers with iota, tron, xlm recording gains, summary=Litecoin Technical Analysis – eos, tron, IOTA, Stellar Lumens and iota, bleu=0.0634
summarize:ripple price key highlightsripple price has completed its retest of a former resistance level, which has held as support. price could be due to climb to the fibonacci extension levels, but it has yet to break out of this short-term triangle. technical indicators are showing mixed signals on the direction of price action from here. ripple price appears to be gaining bullish traction but has yet to break out of a short-term symmetrical triangle. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the 100 sma is holding as dynamic support as well. rsi is turning lower, however, suggesting that selling pressure is returning. stochastic is also on the move down to indicate that bears have the upper hand, title=ripple (xrp) price watch: setting its sights higher, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, EOS, Nikkei & Nasdaq Upsides, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price traded further lower recently and declined towards the $0.1500 level against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major bearish trend line in place with resistance at $0.1600 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair has to move above the $0.1600 and $0.1650 resistance levels to recover in the short term. cardano price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must stay above the $0.1500 level to avoid further declines in the near term. cardano price resistancethere was no upside recovery so far this week above $0.2000 in ada price against the us dollar. the price extended declines below the $0.1800 level and is currently trading well below $0.2000. the decline was such that the price also broke the $0.1600 level. it even pier, title=cardano price technical analysis – can ada/usd hold $0.15?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Below $0.1500, bleu=0.1318
summarize:key highlightseth price is trading higher and it recently broke the $700 resistance against the us dollar. there was a break above yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line with resistance at $685 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to gain traction and it could even break the $720 level in the near term. ethereum price is gaining momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is back in a positive zone and it could trade towards $725-730. ethereum price trenda good support base was formed near $660 in eth price against the us dollar. the price started trading higher and it broke the $665 and $670 resistance levels. it opened the doors for more gains above $670 and $700. during the upside move, the price succeeded in clearing the 76.4% fib re, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd could surpass $725, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $720, bleu=0.1355
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently broke out of its descending channel to show that an uptrend reversal is underway. price hit resistance at $8450 and is gearing up for a pullback, possibly until the broken resistance. this lines up with several inflection points, so plenty of limit orders may be located in this area. bitcoin price looks ready for a pullback to a key area of interest visible on the 4-hour time frame. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma on this time frame, though, so the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is still likely to resume. then again, the gap between the moving averages is narrowing to reflect slowing bearish pressure. bullish pressure could kick in once an upward crossover is completed. the 100 sma is in line with the, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 04/17/2018 – another pullback zone to watch, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Pullback Continue?, bleu=0.023
summarize:the altcoins market is in recovery mode and after more than two months of persistent sells, their momentum is fading. though they still lack solid confirmation, price floors are morale boosting for coins as eos, tron, iota and even litecoin which were heading lower. next week’s price action would influence the short term price trajectory of most altcoins under review. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewfirst, before taking a trading decision, note that eos price action is in a down trend. going forward we shall maintain this stance regardless of yesterday’s completion of a three bar reversal pattern, the morning star forming at around our first support line at $4. overly, we shall retain yesterday’s eos trade plan and the best way, title=litecoin, eos, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: altcoins are back to (temporary) green, summary=Altcoin Technical Analysis for eos, tron, Iota and IOTA, bleu=0.0668
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to hold gains above the $0.4700 support and declined against the us dollar. there is a new key bearish trend line formed with resistance near $0.4600 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may continue to decline and it could retest the last swing low of $0.4400. ripple price is back in a downtrend against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is under pressure below $0.4700 for more losses towards the $0.4400 low. ripple price trendthere was a major struggle to hold gains above the $0.4700 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair failed to gain traction and declined below the $0.4600 support. the decline was such that the price traded below the 50% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $0., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd resumes downtrend, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest $0.4400, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price found support near the $865 level and bounced back against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted short-term bullish trend line is intact with support at $880 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is moving higher and it may soon make an attempt to break the $908 resistance level. bitcoin cash price found support above $850 and recovered against the us dollar. bch/usd is resuming uptrend and it could break the $900-910 resistance. bitcoin cash price trendafter a correction below the $880 level, bitcoin cash price found support against the us dollar. the price tested the $865 level where buyers appeared and prevented more losses. moreover, the 61.8% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $825 low to $925 swing high also acted as a support, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd resumes uptrend, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $908, bleu=0.115
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price seems to be running out of steam on its recent climb as it tests resistance around $11,500. another drop to the nearby support at $9,500-10,000 could create a double top pattern. if price breaks below the neckline, bitcoin price could fall by the same height as the chart formation. bitcoin price could be due for a selloff as it formed a double top pattern on its 1-hour time frame. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that the uptrend still has a chance of resuming. stochastic is also climbing to indicate that buyers have the upper hand and could allow bitcoin price to revisit the highs close to the $12,000 major psychological level. rsi is just pulling up from oversold conditions, also, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/07/2018 – short-term reversal signal?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi Pulls Up from Oversold, bleu=0.0255
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently broke to the upside of its consolidation visible on the 1-hour time frame. this could be indicative of further gains in the cards, although oscillators suggest a slowdown in bullish momentum. the strong upside break is being attributed to the looming sec deadline for some bitcoin etfs on august 23. bitcoin price made a sharp upside break from its short-term consolidation to signal that further rallies are in the cards. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma recently crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the rally is more likely to gain traction than to retreat from here. price also moved past the moving averages’ dynamic inflection points that could continue to hold as support. the consolidation spans $5,800 to around $6,600 so the resulting climb could be at, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: major consolidation break!, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could Further Gains in the Cards?, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still in correction mode but appears to be finding support at the nearest fib. a bounce from current levels could take it back up to the swing high and beyond. a move lower, on the other hand, could indicate that a deeper pullback from the uptrend is in order. bitcoin price has pulled back from its rally and could be due to resume the uptrend if the 38.2% fib holds as support. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, the 100 sma appears to be turning from its climb and is narrowing the gap between the 200 sma. this could be indicative of slowing bullish momentum. for now, bitcoin price appears to be, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bulls defending correction level, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Pulling Back from Uptrend, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price traded higher and broke the $16.00 and $16.40 resistances against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $16.05 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is now placed nicely above the $16.40 support and it could accelerate gains towards $18.00. ethereum classic price is placed in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is likely to move further higher towards the $18.00 and $18.50 levels. ethereum classic price trendthere was a solid support formed around the $15.50 level in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair remained well above the $15.00 pivot level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the price consolidated for a few sessions above the $15.50 support before, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd could break $18, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Moving Higher, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price recovered nicely after forming a support base near $6,200 against the us dollar. there was a break above a key contracting triangle with resistance at $6,375 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps continue to move higher towards the $6,570 and $6,750 resistance levels. bitcoin price is signaling more gains above $6,550 against the us dollar. btc/usd could accelerate once buyers gain momentum above $6,550-6,600. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we saw a downside correction below the $6,300 level in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair tested the $6,200 support where buyers emerged. the price formed a base near $6,200 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. later, there was a fresh upward move and, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd signaling bullish continuation towards $6,700, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Recovers Above $6,500, bleu=0.1246
summarize:indeed, yesterday’s rejection of lower lows is but a sign that buyers are beginning to take root in lower time frames. as often the case following periods of strong volatility, price action usually move within a tight trade if not countering the surge. yesterday price action shows this. being a hyped case, tron mainnet launch should be the focus of the day. i recommend longs if and only if tron buyers push prices above 7.5 cents. if not, we remain neutral until that happens or bears push below 5.5 cents minor support line. eos price analysiseos daily chart by trading viewso, after raising more than $4 billion in their year-long ico, dan larimer and block one are offering a mere $10,000 for anyone who unearths a flaw(s) in their platform. well, this is honestly a spat, title=mainnet launch is tron’s true acid test: tron, eos, iota, stellar lumens and litecoin price analysis (may 31, 2018), summary=eos Price Technical Analysis – tron, dan larimer, Block One Offer $10,000 for Flaws, bleu=0.032
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price struggled to recover and moved below the $950 level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $975 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from simplefx). the pair remains at a risk of more declines and it could even break the last low of $867 in the near term. bitcoin cash price is under pressure below $975 against the us dollar. bch/usd may continue to decline towards $850 and $800 support levels. bitcoin cash price downtrendthis past week pushed bitcoin cash price in a bearish zone below $1,000 the us dollar. there was a sharp downside move and the price settled below the $1,000 level and the 100 simple moving average (4-hours). there was a decline towards the $850 level and a low formed at $867. a recovery was initiated, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd remains at risk, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $867, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price tested the $650-660 support area and recovered against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line in place with resistance at $710 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the trend line, $710 and $730 resistances to gain upside momentum. bitcoin cash price is slowly recovering above $680 against the us dollar. bch/usd needs to gather pace above $710 to start an uptrend in the near term. bitcoin cash price resistancethis past week, there was a sharp downward move below the $740 support in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined below the $720 and $700 support levels. it traded close to the $650 support area and a low was formed at $662. later, the price started an upward correction and moved, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: can bch/usd break this?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Recovers Above $710, bleu=0.115
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price mostly traded in a range above the $6,300 support area against the us dollar. there is a crucial breakout triangle pattern formed with resistance near $6,540 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair could dip a few points towards $6,380, but it is likely to break the triangle for more gains. bitcoin price is positioned for the next move against the us dollar. btc/usd will most likely accelerate gains above the $6,540 and $6,620 levels in the near term. bitcoin price analysisafter bitcoin price failed to break the $6,620 resistance against the us dollar, it started consolidating. the btc/usd pair mostly traded in a range above the $6,300 support area with swing moves. the last swing low was $6,302 before the price moved above $6,400 and the, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd at risk of upside break above $6,540, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,400, bleu=0.1055
summarize:key pointsbitcoin gold price is slowly recovering and is currently trading above the $200 level against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line forming with resistance at $250 on the hourly chart of btg/usd (data feed from bitfinex). the pair may continue to move higher, but it could face sellers near the $240 and $250 resistances. bitcoin gold price is recovering from the $140 support zone against the us dollar. btg/usd might recovery further and it could test the $240-260 resistance zone. bitcoin gold price resistanceafter trading as low as $143, bitcoin gold price started a recovery against the us dollar. the price moved higher and broke the $200 resistance level to set the pace for more gains. it also cleared the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $340 swing high to $143 low. the current price action is positive and there, title=bitcoin gold price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Gold Price Technical Analysis – btg/usd Could Recover Further, bleu=0.0
summarize:in general, there is a broad-based recovery in cryptocurrencies and that includes ripple (xrp) coming at a time the company is dealing with three concurrent law suits. on the charts, prices are down three percent in the past day but still up 10 percent for the week. what we need for our xrp longs to be valid is a break above 55 cents and that will come to pass if this week ends up bullish in the process completing a three day bullish reversal pattern, the morning star. from the newsvladi zakinov, david oconer and ryan coffey are three aggrieved ripple coin investors who felt ripped off by ripple, the company and are now suing for compensation. in their suits, they alleged that there is no difference between brad garlinghouse, ripple labs and the ripple’s, title=ripple (xrp) technical analysis: western union “reconsidering” xrp viability, summary=xrp (XRP) Technical Analysis – XRX, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0227
summarize:fomo momentsthis morning has seen a minor recovery and there is a lot more green on the boards than red at the moment. it could be a sign that markets are trying to find their ground and neither bulls nor bears can exert enough pressure. in total they are still below $400 billion which indicates a tendency towards the downside. bitcoin has rallied slightly by 2% up to $8,400 but it is still 10% lower than this time last week. all major altcoins have recovered somewhat, some more than others and today’s champion altcoin is tron. trx is one of those cryptos that regularly gets bashed by social media groups but there is no denying that it outperforms many of its competitors. coinmarketcap is currently reporting a 9% increase for tron this morning. currently trading at $0.072 trx is up from $0.065 this time yesterday,, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: south korea’s big appetite for tron, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: tron, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, BTC, IOTA, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0165
summarize:key highlightseth price found support near the $677 level and started an upside correction against the us dollar. there was a break above a contracting triangle pattern with resistance at $700 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is now moving higher and it may test the $725 and $730 resistance levels in the near term. ethereum price started an upside move against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently trading above $700 and it may correct further higher towards $725-730. ethereum price trendyesterday, we saw a major downside move below $700 in eth price against the us dollar. the price traded close to the $675 level and formed a low at $677. later, the price started consolidating gains above $675 before starting an upside move. it seems like the 61.8% fib, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd recover further?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $700, bleu=0.0677
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is still consolidating in a range above the $1,150 support level against the us dollar. there was a break below a short-term contracting triangle with support at $1,245 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair may decline toward the $1,150 support, which holds the key in the near term. bitcoin cash price is trading in a range and failed to move above $1,350 against the us dollar. bch/usd could decline in the short term, but remains supported above $1,150. bitcoin cash price supportthere were mostly range moves in bitcoin cash price above $1,150 during the past few sessions against the us dollar. the price failed to move above the $1,350 level and made a minor downside move. it settled below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the leg up from the, title=bitcoin cash technical analysis – bch/usd’s short-term downside, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Remain Supported, bleu=0.0403
summarize:we are closing in on the end of the day on thursday in the european session and, for our bitcoin price analysis this evening, we are going to change things up a bit to try and incorporate the expense of overnight action as it plays out into tomorrow morning. action today has been relatively strong, with bitcoin scoring fresh intraday highs and currently trading in and around the upper end of its intraday range. the hope is that sentiment will stay bullish and that, in turn, that today’s range will break to the upside. of course, we’ve got to be wary of the fact that things might not plant exactly like this, but we can hope. so, with our rambling out of the way, let’s explain what we are going for this evening. as ever, take a quick look at the chart below before we get started so as to get an idea where things stand and where we are looking to jump in, title=bitcoin price watch; keeping between the lines, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – What’s Next?, bleu=0.0
summarize:this is an important week for tron and eos. we were positive of sharp jumps in the run up to their consecutive mainnet launches but that has not been the case. in my view, these two should be our focus of the week and any spark in market participation with prices appreciating above 7.5 cents and $13 for tron and eos could spark buy momentum in the next days if not weeks. but, should support levels collapse then sellers would continue with their trend. eos price analysiseos daily chart by trading viewtoken registration and shifting to eos coin supporting exchange is what you need to do. it’s as simple as that and should be the easiest option if you need not to worry about your coins being lost. along these development lines, well meaning block producers have gone an extra length to release eos bios 0.9.0 for eos, title=spencer bogart of blockchain capital recommends buying eos and selling tron: tron, iota, eos, litecoin and stellar lumens price analysis (may 28, 2018), summary=tron and eos Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether, bleu=0.0189
summarize:at the moment, i’m neutral on most altcoins. eos and neo would be my highlight this coming week and all we need from neo is to cross above $130 or retrace and break below the support trend line. for eos, sellers should test $5.8 on the downside but any form of bull pressure between $5.8 and $7 should be a probable loading point for buyers. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd daily chart for february 26, 2018the importance of confirmation came to pass after february 24 lumens candlestick. even though we had this convincing double bar reversal pattern at the support trend line of our ascending wedge, my recommendation was for a follow through before entry. that didn’t happen and instead prices are trickling down towards $0.22 or, title=neo, eos, ltc, iota and lumens technical analysis, summary=xlm/usd Technical Analysis – XLM, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS, BTC, CFDs, bleu=0.0227
summarize:fomo momentsafter a somewhat tumultuous week we end it with markets recovering slightly, but not in bullish territory just yet. crypto markets have rallied from the monthly low on tuesday of just over $300 billion but it has been a weak rally. bitcoin has struggled to gain momentum today and is hovering around $7,570 where it was this time yesterday. altcoins are a mixed bunch this friday following trading in asia, some are flat, some are still falling and one or two are climbing at the moment. the top coin as asian trading comes to the end of the working week is iota. coinmarketcap is showing a 10% climb for iota over the past 24 hours putting it ahead of all other altcoins in the top 25. currently trading at $1.87 iota is up from $1., title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: norwegian bank boosts iota, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is iota, bleu=0.058
summarize:the crypto market is back in loss making territory and as tron (trx) and eos lead the loss with a cumulative drawn down of eight percent in the last day, bitcoin dominance is up three percent to 48 percent. both ways, judging from the chart, it seems like it is a disappointment for tron (trx) investors. as such, it’s highly likely that sellers shall set in and drive prices down. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysisfrom the newseva, a new ride sharing app that plans to compete with uber and lyft, will launch on eos. critics doubtful of the viability of the project and if at all it needs to be decentralized. eva is a decentralized uber set to launch on https://t.co/zvfwd5x9ct., title=eos, tron (trx), litecoin, stellar, iota technical analysis: tron (trx), eos caving in, summary=tron (trx) and eos Lead the Loss with a Cumulative Drawdown of 8 percent, bleu=0.1045
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is in a major uptrend from the $650 swing low against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line forming with support near $1,090 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair remains well supported on the downside and it could even break $1,200 in the near term. bitcoin cash price is gaining traction above $1,000 against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps extend gains above the $1,200 level if buyers remain in control. bitcoin cash price supportthere was a monster rally from the $800 support in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price jumped and broke many resistances such as $900 and $1,000. it even broke the $1,100 level and traded close to the $1,200 level. a high was formed at $1,193 before the price started, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd could break $1,200, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,200, bleu=0.0735
summarize:we have been seeing a correction of most coins under our radar but with yesterday’s events, odds are alt coins buyers would continue increasing their long holdings. iota, litecoin, eos and tron are experiencing positive gains and should be our focus of the day. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewafter their mainnet launch, those talking saying eos don’t have a working product should just keep it to themselves. eosio 1.0 is but a working product and with many stake holders showing their interest on it, expect many more dapp projects to be done on their platform. as a matter of fact, block one, the company behind eosio is pledging to sink in $1 billion towards the project while block producers advertise their services to eos, title=iota, tron, eos, litecoin and stellar lumens technical analysis (june 6, 2018), summary=iota, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Tron, IOTA Technical Analysis: eos is a Working Product, bleu=0.0414
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined sharply and broke the $700 and $670 support levels against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line prevented gains near $705 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is under a lot of pressure and it could slide further towards the $620 support. bitcoin cash price declined heavily after closing below $700 against the us dollar. bch/usd could continue to move down towards the $620 and $600 levels. bitcoin cash price declinethere was a decent recovery yesterday above the $700 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. however, the bch/usd pair was completed rejected by the $708-710 resistance area. many hurdles near the $710 level prevented an upside break, including the 100 hourly simple moving average. the 61.8% fib retracement level, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd accelerating losses below $700, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $620, bleu=0.1236
summarize:it’s almost becoming monotonous at the early start of the european session to cover a dip in the bitcoin price but, over the last few weeks, that’s all we’ve been able to do. things keep falling and anytime we do see something of a reprieve, the markets tank almost right away. the thing is, whatever cnbc is saying, this market can’t fall too much further. there’s too much speculative activity ready to pull the trigger at low levels for things to continue depreciating and, once we see price turnaround (and we will, you just have to stick with it), this speculative volume should start to pile into the markets. that’s the theory, at least. we’ll have to wait and see if things play out that way. the key thing is not to panic sell, however. panic selling compounds the downside action and just drags, title=bitcoin price watch; here’s how to trade this morning’s levels, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can Cryptocurrency Continue to Decline?, bleu=0.0375
summarize:key highlightsripple price was under a lot of selling pressure as it declined below $0.4500 against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line formed with resistance at $0.4800 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair must clear the $0.4800 and $0.4900 resistances to move past $0.5000 in the near term. ripple price declined to new monthly lows against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is struggling to break $0.4800 and is currently in a bearish zone. ripple price declinethe past three days were super bearish as ripple price declined below a major support at $0.5000 against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair even broke the $0.4600 and $0.4500 support levels. it traded to a new monthly low at $0.4400 and is currently trading well below the 100, title=ripple price analysis: can xrp/usd break $0.50?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1279
summarize:fomo momentsfor the second day now crypto markets have retracted slightly and selling pressure is still dominant. total market capitalization remains over $400 billion for now which is still a good sign for the longer term recovery. however the board is red this morning and all cryptos aside from one or two have fallen. bitcoin has lost 4% on the day and is back to $9,000 while altcoins are all down with eos taking the biggest hit of 16%. one coin still making gains this morning and returning to the top 25 is verge. verge is another one of those altcoins that social media crypto groups love to hate. according to coinmarketcap xvg is up 4.8% on the day when all others, with the exception of the equally hated tron, have declined. verge is currently trading at $0.072 from $0.068 this time yesterday, not a big difference but the fact, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup may 1: leading altcoin is verge, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Verge, bleu=0.0451
summarize:key highlightsada price climbed further higher and broke the $0.1000 and $0.1050 resistance levels against the us dollar (tethered). there is a key bullish trend line formed with support near $0.1020 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may retest the $0.1000 support where buyers are likely to take a stand in the near term. cardano price is placed nicely against the us dollar versus bitcoin. ada/usd is correcting lower, but it could find support near $0.1000 and $0.0970. cardano price analysisafter forming a base above the $0.0900 support, cardano price started a nice upside move against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair traded above the $0.0940 and $0.0950 resistance levels to move into a bullish zone., title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd settles above $0.10, more gains likely, summary=Cardano Price Analysis: Ada/USD Could Retest $0.1000, bleu=0.0343
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price started a nice upside reaction after trading as low as $13.02 against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $14.20 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is gaining momentum, but it is currently facing a major hurdle near $15.00. ethereum classic price started an upside correction against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd must clear the $15.00 resistance for more gains. ethereum classic price resistancethere were further losses this past week from $16.00 in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded lower and even failed to hold the $15.00 support. it traded towards the $13.00 handle and formed a low at $13.02. later, the price formed a support base and started an upside move from $13.02. it traded, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – can etc/usd break $15?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0339
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price was previously consolidating in an ascending triangle pattern before breaking lower. this suggests that further losses are in the cards, especially as a small bearish flag is forming. technical indicators signals are reflecting a slowdown in bearish momentum, though. bitcoin price could be in for more losses as it broke below the ascending triangle, but technical indicators say otherwise. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to carry on than to reverse. the 100 sma is also close to the broken triangle support to add to its strength as resistance in a pullback. however, the gap between the moving averages is narrowing to signal slowing bearish pressure. this could even be followed by an upward crossover which might draw buyers back in, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: another day, another breakdown, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could More Losses Be in the Cards?, bleu=0.0
summarize:we are about to kick the day for a fresh session of trading in the bitcoin price and things are already looking like we’re going to have an interesting session. price has moved considerably overnight (albeit in a variety of directions) and things are moving pretty fast heading into the late morning out of europe. here’s what we are hoping for – some degree of strong breakout (ideally to the upside) with a subsequent, sustained run in the direction of the break (again, ideally to the upside). when we see this sort of action, it gives us an opportunity to not only get in on the break but also to ride out the trade towards profitability as the trade matures. that’s what we’re looking for but, of course, just because we’re looking for t doesn’t mean it’s going to happen, which is why we ensure we’ve always got some strict risk management principles in place on every, title=bitcoin price watch; here’s where we want to enter this morning, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – What’s Next?, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price bounced after forming a bullish divergence on its 1-hour time frame. price could make another test of the longer-term channel resistance to attempt an upside break. however, bitcoin has to contend with fib retracement levels and dynamic inflection points nearby. bitcoin could have another shot at a downtrend reversal if it’s able to break past the nearby inflection points. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the downtrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, bitcoin price has moved slightly past the 100 sma dynamic inflection point as an early signal of a pickup in bullish momentum. price could test the 200 sma resistance next and this lines up, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: another breakout attempt?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Break 200?, bleu=0.0339
summarize:btc/usdbitcoin initially tried to rally during the day on tuesday but struggled again as it looks likely to continue lower. we are pressing the $10,000 level, an area that of course has attracted a lot of attention. however, it’s likely that we will break down below there considering the tenacity of the selling pressure, and the lack of positive volume. because of this, i anticipate that we are going to continue to go lower, perhaps down to the $8000 level next. btc/jpybitcoin also fell against the japanese yen and is now below the 1.2 million level. it’s likely that we are going to go testing the 1 million level in the short term, so i believe that based upon the price action in the most recent candles, that we are going to continue to fall from here., title=bitcoin analysis january 24, 2018, summary=btc/jpybitcoin Technical Analysis – BTC/USD Could Continue Lower, bleu=0.0
summarize:most people know monero as a privacy-centric coin. monero’s team would do anything to remain reputable in that sector. this is partly the reason why its valuation exceeds $2.5 billion. in recent weeks though, github acquisition may end up fueling recent price slump despite coin listing at huobi. week over week, xmr is up three percent in the past week but down five percent in 24 hours hinting at how bear pressure have been. would there be a reversal if we see pockets of bull pressure at $140? let’s check what the charts say. from the newsso, perhaps the biggest acquisition this week is that microsoft acquisition of an open source code repository site, github for a whopping $7.5 billion. the coding community is not very happy about this especially considering microsoft’s track record of nurturing products. originally, git, title=monero insider: “monero open for gitlab move after github acquisition”: monero (xmr) technical analysis for june 9, 2018, summary=Monero Price Analysis: XMR, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Zcash, EOS, Oculus Rift, bleu=0.0196
summarize:other than ltc/usd, neo, eos, lumens and even iota are moving higher. even though yesterday’s lower lows in ltc should be a wonderful buying opportunity for buyers, sellers should be cautious and place stops above yesterday’s highs at around $220. other than that, eos is on the upside and the bounce from previous resistance-now support has been spectacular. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd 4hr chart for february 27, 2018some positive price movements from yesterday’s lumens price action. even though i cannot really recommend entry for positional buyers until after a convincing break above $0.4, there is a reason for scalpers to fine tune their long entries in lower time frames. in fact they can enter in the 4hr, title=altcoin technical analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iota and lumens, summary=ltc, eos, lumens and iota Price Analysis: XLM/USD, NEO, EOS and IOTA, bleu=0.1098
summarize:charlie lee statement about buying btc and not ltc is dominating headline fueling what has come to be known as cryptocurrency tribalism. it’s even worse for litecoin because stellar lumens is now the sixth most valuable coin standing a chance to make a cut at coinbase. as a matter of fact it is up 60 percent in the last week alone and earlier buyers who got in at 22 cents are cashing out after prices hit their targets at 30 cents. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewtaxation is a complex subject and since it is mandatory for all citizens to file their annual tax returns, coinsmart are coming up with solutions to eliminate stress related to returns filling. coinsmart is a canadian cryptocurrency that is focusing on the crypto curious. their aim is to make, title=stellar lumens, eos, litecoin, tron, iota technical analysis: it’s a picasso for stellar lumens bulls, gains 60 percent, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Price Analysis: EOS, Bitcoin Cash, BTC, NEO, bleu=0.0246
summarize:key highlightsripple price recently corrected lower and found support near the $0.8400 level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line forming with support at $0.9350 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair may continue to rise in the near term and it could gain upside momentum above $1.0000. ripple price is slowly moving higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd looks set to gain upside momentum once there is a break above the $1.0000 level. ripple price supportafter trading above the $1.1700 level, ripple price faced sellers and started a downside move against the us dollar. the price declined and traded below the $1.0000 and $0.9000 support levels. the decline was substantial, but the $0.8400 area managed to act as a strong support. xrp found bids near $0.8400, title=ripple price analysis – xrp/usd poised to gain above $1.00, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Gain Upside Support, bleu=0.0371
summarize:eth/usdethereum markets fell a bit during the trading session on friday, as we continue to see softness in the crypto currency markets. the $1100 level is the top of the current trading range, with the $900 level offering support. with this, i suspect that we will drift a little bit lower, but i’m not expecting much considering that there isn’t very much of volume to be found in the crypto currency market. eth/btcethereum rallied slightly against bitcoin, but still remains in the consolidation area that we had been in previously. the 0.10 level above offering resistance, while the 0.08 level offers support. i believe that this market continues to go back and forth, showing signs of resiliency, but i think at the end of the day, there isn’t much to do other than scalp back and forth. ethereum analysis jan, title=ethereum analysis january 29, 2018, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/btcethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0229
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price declined sharply recently and tested an important support near $26.10 against the us dollar. there are two important bearish trend lines forming with resistance near $28.50 and $29.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may correct higher in the near term, but it won’t be easy to break $29.50. ethereum classic price declined substantially against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is currently testing an important support above $26.00 and it may correct higher. ethereum classic price supportthere was a new downside wave initiated from the $34.50 swing high in etc price against the us dollar. the price traded lower and settled below a few key support levels such as $32.00 and $30.00. there was also a break below the $28.00 support and a close below the 100 hourly simple, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd retested key support, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is slowly moving higher and is currently above $14.50 against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line formed with support near $14.40 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is in an uptrend and it may perhaps continue to move above the $15.60 and $15.80 resistances. ethereum classic price is placed in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may soon break the $15.60 resistance for more gains in the near term. ethereum classic price trendthere was a decent upward move initiated from the $12.50 swing low in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair moved higher and traded above the $13.50 and $14.00 resistance levels. there was also a break above the $14.50 barrier and the 100 hourly simple moving average, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd gaining momentum, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Moving Higher, bleu=0.0375
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is testing the ascending channel support and might be due for a bounce. this is in line with a number of other inflection points that might be enough to keep losses in check. a continuation of the climb could lead to a test of the fibonacci extension levels from here. bitcoin price appears to be encountering support at the channel bottom and may be due for a rally continuation. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that the uptrend is more likely to continue than to reverse. however, bitcoin price has dipped below the 100 sma dynamic inflection point to signal some bearish pressure. the 200 sma might be the line in the sand for a pullback, as it lines up with, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: can bulls defend this level?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Bearish Pullback Continue?, bleu=0.0312
summarize:fomo momentsthe selloff continues as we enter another week in crypto land. asian trading is all in the red once again and bitcoin has fallen to the psychologically critical $8,000 level. if support cannot be maintained it could easily plummet even further taking all of the altcoins with it. looking for a green signal in a sea of red is not easy this morning, and again we find ourselves going beyond the top 25 cryptocurrencies. there is one altcoin though that has shown some gains over the past 24 hours. albeit only 2.8% but it is in the green nonetheless. status is currently trading at $0.21, up marginally on the same time yesterday, it is the only crypto that is doing so, all others are shedding value. since feb 2 however snt jumped almost 100% from a weekly low of $0.132. its highest value was $0.66 during the first week, title=morning asian trading roundup: the leading altcoin is status, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is Status, bleu=0.0507
summarize:it is an across the board altcoins erosion with eos registering a five percent drop yesterday. while there are hopes for buyers, we need to see rejection of lower lows especially in iota, eos and xlm which is technically bullish. before then, we shall take a conservative approach and see how prices react at key support lines. let’s have a look at the charts:eos technical analysisfrom the newsas a follow through, circle has announced support for eos. it appears that eos; a digital asset met all their conditions as dictated in their circle asset framework. however, they shall not be accepting eos air drops neither will they be providing erc-20 to mainnet conversion services for the time being. deposits and withdrawals are currently live. trading in eos/usdt,, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: sellers wipe $10 billion in 24 hours, summary=eos Technical Analysis: XLM, IOTA, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Nikkei, Zcash, Ripple, EOS, NEM, Volatility, bleu=0.0226
summarize:key highlightsripple price made a sharp downside move and broke the $1.00 support against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1.50 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently struggling to hold the $1.00 level and it may decline back towards $0.8500. ripple price is struggling a lot against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd might decline further and it could retest the $0.8500 support area. ripple price trendthere was no respite for buyers as ripple price extended its decline from the $1.2000 swing high against the us dollar. after a minor correction towards the $1.50 level and the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $2.08 high to $1.49 low, the price faced sellers. it started a, title=ripple price technical analysis, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest $0.8500, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price formed a support base around $9,000 and jumped higher against the us dollar. there was a break above a crucial declining channel with resistance at $9,200 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently struggling to settle above $9,400 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin price is showing positive signs above $9,200 against the us dollar. btc/usd has to settle above the 100 hourly sma to climb above $9,500 in the near term. bitcoin price trendafter a downside correction, bitcoin price found a strong buying interest near the $9,000 level against the us dollar. the price formed a low at $8,969 and started an upside move. it climbed higher and cleared the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $9,, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd broke key barrier, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Above $9,200, bleu=0.1261
summarize:neo has been trending lower since breaking below a rising trend line and complex double top. price has completed its retest of these areas of interest and is setting its sights on the next support zones. the fibonacci extension tool shows where neo might head next, with the 38.2% level lining up with the swing low at $58. a break below this level could take neo down to the 50% extension at $54.54 or the 61.8% extension at $51. stronger selling pressure could lead to a move to the 78.6% extension at $46.17 or the full extension near the $40 major psychological mark. the 100 sma has crossed below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse from here. the 100 sma also lines, title=neo price watch: how low can it go?, summary=NEO Technical Analysis – neo Could Retest $58, bleu=0.0427
summarize:key highlightsada price recovered recently, but it failed to stay above $0.5000 against the us dollar (tethered). there is a new major declining channel forming with resistance at $0.4140 on the hourly chart of ada/usd (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently holding a major support area near the $0.3400-0.3500 levels. cardano price is struggling to gain upside momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd has to move above the $0.4200 to gain traction. cardano price resistancethere was a decent bounce in ada price from the $0.2900 level against the us dollar. the price traded above the $0.3000 and $0.4000 resistance levels. it even traded above the $0.5000 level, but it failed to remain above the $0.5000 level. ada made a short-term top at $0.5, title=cardano price technical analysis – can ada/usd hold $0.3500?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Fails to Break $0.4200, bleu=0.1307
summarize:key highlightseth price is gaining momentum and it could break the $304 resistance for more upsides against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $295 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair might decline a few points towards $290 and $288 before climbing higher in the near term. ethereum price is placed nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar, but it is struggling versus bitcoin. eth/usd may soon break $304 to gain momentum. ethereum price trendthere were mostly range moves above the $277 level in eth price during the past few sessions against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair formed a decent support near $277 and later started an upside move. it traded above the 50% fib retracement level of the last, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd poised for more upsides, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $304, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price is in trouble as it moved below the $1060 support and traded towards $1000 support against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1105 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair might correct higher in the short term, but upsides could be contained by the $1090-1105 levels. ethereum price declined sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently holding the $1000 support, but it remains at a risk of more declines. ethereum price upside hurdlethere was no upside break in eth price above the $1140 level against the us dollar. the price faced a lot of selling pressure, which pushed it lower below the $1100 level. the decline was such that the price traded below the $1050 and $1040 support levels as well. it, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd testing key support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key highlightseth price is recovering after trading as low as $282.73 and formed a decent support against the us dollar. there is an ascending channel forming with current support at $296 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is likely to rise slowly and steadily above the $300 and $308 resistance levels in the near term. ethereum price is showing positive signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could accelerate gains above the $308 levels if it stays above $290. ethereum price supportthere was a key downside correction initiated from the $320 swing high in eth against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair declined below the $300 level and traded close to the $282 support level. a low was formed at $282.73 and later the price started an upside correction. it moved above the, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd could accelerate higher, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $308, bleu=0.0677
summarize:eth/usdethereum markets fell a bit during the trading session on wednesday initially, reaching down towards the $1200 level, but then bounced to break above $1300 again. it looks likely that the market is going to continue to find buyers, as ethereum has been a nice and steady rally. i believe there are plenty of places below that offer support, so this is a "buy only” market. eth/btcethereum markets fell initially during the day on wednesday, reaching towards the 0.09 level for support, but then turned around to bounce and show signs of life yet again. the 0.10 level above should offer psychological resistance, but at this point it looks as if the market is most certainly going to try to break above there. if we do pull back significantly i expect the 0.08 level to be massive support. thanks for watching, i’ll, title=ethereum analysis january 11, 2018, summary=eth/btce/USD Technical Analysis – a “Buy Only” Market, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has formed higher lows and slightly higher highs to create a rising wedge on its 1-hour chart. price is bouncing off resistance and might be due for another test of support. bitcoin price is also nearing the peak of the formation so a breakout might happen soon. bitcoin price might be gearing up for a break from its rising wedge pattern, but technical indicators are giving mixed signals. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, an upside break might be more likely to happen than a break below support. if so, bitcoin price could be in for a steeper uptrend, possibly one that’s the same height as the wedge formation that spans $6,100 to $6,900. the 100 sma also lines up with the, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: imminent rising wedge breakout, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Break Below $6,900?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price was not able to move above $1,480-1,500 and declined sharply against the us dollar. there was a break below a key connecting bullish trend line with support at $1,410 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair even broke the last swing low and it could continue to decline towards the $1,200 level. bitcoin cash price tumbled below key supports against the us dollar. bch/usd is now trading well below $1,300 with a bearish angle in the short term. bitcoin cash price declineyesterday, we discussed how $1,480 and $1,500 levels stopped the upside move in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price failed to move above the mentioned levels and declined sharply below $1,400. the decline was such that the price even broke the 76.4% fib, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd tumbled below $1,300, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Continue to Decline, bleu=0.115
summarize:key highlightsripple price remained confined in a tiny range above the $0.4500 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line was breached with resistance at $0.4660 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is very well supported above the $0.4500 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is slowly on the move against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must clear the $0.4675 and $0.4700 barriers to gain traction in the near term. ripple price supportthere was a slow and steady rise from the $0.4400 swing low in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded above the key pivot level at $0.4500 to move into a bullish zone. it broke the 38.2% fib retracement level of, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd’s 100 sma as key support, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.4500, bleu=0.0568
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price could be due for a drop as a double top can be seen on its 4-hour chart. price has yet to test and break below the neckline around $9,000 to confirm this potential selloff. if so, it could fall by the same height as the formation, which spans $9,000 to $10,000. bitcoin price is forming a double top on its 4-hour time frame to signal that bears are ready to jump back in. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma on the 4-hour time frame so the path of least resistance is still to the upside. this suggests that it’s possible for the uptrend to resume at this point. however, bitcoin price is breaking below the 100 sma dynamic support to signal a pickup in selling momentum. a break below $9,000 could send it down to $8,000 or until the, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 05/09/2018 – potential reversal signal?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Fall Below $9,000?, bleu=0.0348
summarize:there is a broad base correction back as we are seeing in pairs as neo, eos, ltc and even lumens. dash remains resilient but there is room for downside especially if we see any depreciation below $620. selling looks like a very short term bet as we anticipate correction back towards break out levels. by doing so, prices would be completing the retest phase which is so common after any form of break outs. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd daily chart for february 22, 2018there are two important price developments that should influence price movements in the next sessions. one has to do with that breach and close below the middle bb and $0.40 in the daily chart. the other is that bear candlestick banding along the lower bb in the 4hr chart., title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iot and lumens, summary=Dash Price Analysis: XLM/USD, EOS, Litecoin, Nasdaq, Poloniex, Nikkei, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0271
summarize:key highlightsada price failed to stay above the $0.1500 support and declined sharply against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at 0.1500 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is now trading in a bearish zone below the $0.1500 and $0.1450 pivot levels. cardano price failed to gain momentum and declined against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd may perhaps continue to move down towards the $0.1300 level. cardano price analysisthere were a couple of attempts by ada price to move above the $0.1600 resistance against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair failed to gain momentum and declined below $0.1550. there was a break below the 23.6% fib retrac, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd turned bearish, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:regardless of our eos bullish proposals, bears are keen on driving prices lower. in the last 24 hours, eos slid one percent and perfectly aligning itself with the general sell trend. this comes even in the back drop of ledger support and several eos coin deposit and withdrawal support at bitfinex and kraken. if anything, we are still neutral because none of our trades-sell or buy, are live as laid out in previous trade plans. from the newsit’s next to perfect, news of ledger hardware wallet support is a big plus. if you have been keeping yourself updated on the crypto verse for a while then by now you know that the only safe haven for these digital coins are offline hard wallets. the logic goes that hackers cannot infiltrate a gadget that is cold, those that aren’t plugged to the internet., title=eos ledger future support a plus but will code be open source?: eos technical analysis (june 22, 2018), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: eos, Bitfinex, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens and More, bleu=0.0349
summarize:neo price key highlightsneo could be in for more gains as it forms an inverse head and shoulders on its 4-hour chart. price has yet to break past the neckline around $40 to confirm the potential uptrend. technical indicators are giving mixed signals at the moment, with oscillators suggesting another dip. neo price could be in for a reversal from its downtrend as it forms an inverse head and shoulders pattern. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma just crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend could gain more traction from here as bullish momentum returns. these moving averages could also hold as near-term dynamic support levels in this current pullback. however, rsi has room to head south after turning from overbought territory, indicating that selling pressure could stay, title=neo price watch: longer-term reversal pattern?, summary=neo Price Technical Analysis – rsi Could Be in for More Gains, bleu=0.0339
summarize:we are closing in on the end of another day’s trading in the bitcoin price space and things are really starting to heat up now. this morning, we said we’d be looking for some degree of consolidation in the markets so as to set down a base from which bitcoin can stage a longer-term recovery. we saw pretty much exactly what we were hoping for, albeit with the exception of a breakout to the upside. with that said, we’re now looking at price hovering in and around the lower end of tonight’s range, so if we see a solid bounce (which could well happen, looking at the shorter term volume metrics), a break is far from out of the question. so, let’s not waste any more time – let’s jump into our analysis and try and get the levels together that we need to use for this evening’s session and that will allow us to draw a profit from, title=bitcoin price watch; here’s what’s on tonight, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can a Breakout Be Possible?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to move above the $1,350 resistance and declined sharply against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance at $1,250 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher, but it may face many barriers on the upside near $1,240-50. bitcoin cash price is under pressure below $1,300 against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to extend declines further if it fails to move above $1,250. bitcoin cash price declinerecently, there was a minor upside correction above $1,300 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price traded towards $1,340 where sellers appeared and protected more upsides. as a result, the price started a fresh downside move and declined back below $1,300. sellers gained momentum, which pushed, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd extends its decline, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1,250, bleu=0.115
summarize:the theme of the day had to do with monero hard fork and eos network developments. as we now know, monero wants its new coin xmc to be asic resistant but apparently these miners have been behind it hash rate. it’s evident. shortly after the fork, its hash rate dropped 80% before recovering hours later. eos on the other hand is making visible progress with eos dawn 3.0 release. obviously this is encouraging for coin supporters but in the short term, eos is not finding support price wise. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlmusd weekly chart from bittrex for april 7, 2018despite abra listing stellar lumens and potentially exposing this digital asset to potential investors, prices remains relatively calm and down. fact is, title=neo, eos, litecoin, monero and stellar: technical analysis april 7, 2018, summary=Monero Hard Fork and eos Network Developments: XLM/USD Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0323
summarize:key highlightseth price crashed and declined toward the $440 level recently against the us dollar. there is a declining channel in place with resistance near the $480 level on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher and it may head towards the $490 and $500 resistance resistances. ethereum price extended declines against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may correct higher, but it is facing tough challenges near the $490 level. ethereum price resistanceyesterday, there was a nasty downside move in eth price below the $500 level against the us dollar. the price declined below the $480, $460 and $450 support levels. a low was formed at $446 before buyers appeared. at the moment, the price is correcting higher and it has moved above the $460 level. there was also a break, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd faces tough challenge, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.075
summarize:irrefutably, bitcoin and most altcoins are bottoming up. however, it’s all about fundamental events and supply-demand dynamics that could affect price movement of most these altcoins especially eos which had its eosdac air drop on april 15. in my view and basing my forecast on eos technical analysis, prices might retrace back to $6. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens daily chart by trading viewin the last 24 hours alone, stellar lumens is up 16.28 percent. even though there is little to talk on the fundamental front, it’s obvious that stellar lumens is ending the week at a stronger footing. week over week, it’s up 44.68 percent and is the 3r, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 16, 2018, summary=Bitcoin Price Analysis: XLM/USD Could Retrace Back to $6, bleu=0.0245
summarize:key highlightseth price was not able to move above the $510 resistance and is currently under pressure against the us dollar. there was a break below a crucial bullish trend line with support at $500 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses as long as it is below $510 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum price is currently in a bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could decline further towards $475 level in the near term. ethereum price trendthere was an upside move above the $500 level in eth price against the us dollar. the price traded a few points above $500, but it failed to gain momentum. as a result there was a downside reaction and the price settled below the $500 level. there was also a close below the, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd could extend declines, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $475, bleu=0.1261
summarize:tron price key highlightstron is forming a double bottom on its 1-hour chart to signal that the climb could resume. recall that trx is in a correction from a strong rally, and it looks like bullish pressure could return here. price has yet to break past the neckline to confirm the potential uptrend. tron has formed a double bottom reversal pattern and is ready to test the neckline to confirm an uptrend. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, tron has broken past the 100 sma dynamic inflection point and is currently testing the 200 sma. a break higher could lead to a test of the neckline at 0.075 and a move past, title=tron (trx) price watch: short-term reversal formation sighted!, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0344
summarize:most alt coins are recovering and the best demonstration of this radiant alt coin price action is ltc/usd pair. even though there had been hints of possible bullish breakout, the explosion north was impressive. as such, buyers can start fine tuning long entries in lower time frame. apart from ltc, there are some positive developments in nem, neo and eos which is trading above $9.5. we are far from recommending entries in iota unless of course there is a surge past $3-the upper limit of this super thick resistance zone and consolidation. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlmusd daily chart for february 15, 2018some pretty nice lumens price action and while we had a slight correction before yesterdays retest of the middle bb, chances of a close above $0.50 is high, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, nem and lumens, summary=ltc/usd Price Analysis: XLM, NEOS, NEO, EOS and Litecoin, bleu=0.0411
summarize:cardano price key highlightscardano (ada) continues to trend lower but could be due for a bounce as it nears a major floor. price is trading below a descending trend line and is on its way to test the support around 0.130. technical indicators are giving mixed signals, with oscillators reflecting oversold conditions. cardano could be due for a bounce as it approaches a support zone visible on the daily time frame. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the downtrend is more likely to continue than to reverse. the 100 sma lines up with the short-term descending trend line to add to its strength as resistance. the gap between the moving averages is widening to reflect stronger selling pressure. however, rsi is pulling, title=cardano (ada) price watch: approaching key support zone, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – rsi Pulls Back, bleu=0.0
summarize:in the last 24 hours, gains have been modest to say the least and still iota is the top performer after adding three percent. this way, its market cap stands at $5.86 billion. in my view, iota is a coin to watch. on the other side of the spectrum, stellar lumens led the erosion as it is down three percent with eos following close behind. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens 4hr chart by trading viewother than ripple, stellar lumens is amongst the biggest loser sliding three percent and printing 36 cents in last 24 hours. i remain stead fast and my approach is simple. even though it’s obvious that buyers-across the board by the way-are in charge, bull pressure is waning., title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 24, 2018, summary=iota, Stellar Lumens, Litecoin, EOS: XLM/USD Technical Analysis – Can I Stay Steady?, bleu=0.0286
summarize:key highlightseth price formed a bottom near $650 and moved higher above $700 against the us dollar. there is a key breakout pattern forming with resistance at $730 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair must break and settle above $730 and $750 to gain upside momentum in the near term. ethereum price started a nice upside move against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could rise further if it manages an hourly close above $730-750. ethereum price resistanceafter a major downside move, there was a support base formed near $750 in eth price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $680 and $700 resistance levels. it even settled above the $700 level, which is a positive sign. a high was formed at $737 from where, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd slides below $680, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Rise Further, bleu=0.1274
summarize:well, there are hopes of altcoins appreciation today if we depend on what’s happening in the 4hr chart of eos and stellar lumens. we shall focus on eos and their respective events today meaning any green light of their mainnet launch is a big plus. as such we expect prices might clear $15 over the weekend with eos buyers aiming for aths at $23. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewthings are steaming at eos and with every "no-go” vote, there is a negative impact on price action. well, until there is a security clearance after fixing all p0 bugs, odds are mainnet launch will be put off-again! that also means your eos coins would continue being frozen while you see their value slide at, title=eos outperforms, gains $600 million in the last 24 hours: litecoin, eos, iota, stellar lumens and tron technical analysis (june 8, 2018), summary=eos Technical Analysis: XRP, Litecoin, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Aths & BTC, bleu=0.015
summarize:if we may ask a legitimate question, what is draining crypto valuation and xrp in particular? with every new low, there is saturation of theories—flimsy and authoritative. no matter the explanation, it doesn’t really matter because at the end of the day, prices are down and your investment in xrp is taking a rather painful hit. today we summarize why, despite all the down turns, there are valid and encouraging reasons to stay put and wait for the next big xrp bullish run:first, let’s talk about the welcoming malta. it’s quickly becoming a paradise shedding cryptocurrencies from all regulatory hostilities. while we realize how country’s leaders are positioning themselves to potentially tap the next wave of shaping technology, we also recognize that the country overtook south korea. malta is now the largest purchaser of xrp according to, title=xrp technical analysis weekend recap: re-focus on xrp, 3 bullish reasons why, summary=Malta Overtakes South korea as Cryptocurrency Market Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:tron price key highlightstron has formed an inverse head and shoulders pattern on its 1-hour time frame as a classic reversal signal. price has already broken past the neckline to confirm that an uptrend is underway. tron also seems to have completed a quick retest of the neckline and is resuming the bullish run. tron broke above the neckline of its inverse head and shoulders formation to confirm that gains are in the cards. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, the gap between the moving averages is narrowing to signal weakening bearish pressure. this could also be indicative of a new crossover later on, likely drawing more buyers in. the chart pattern spans 0.035 to, title=tron (trx) price watch: short-term reversal formation in sight, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0344
summarize:the tide is rising and bitcoin cash is riding with it. in the last 24 hours, bitcoin cash is up nine percent meaning technical formation hints of support at $850, a previous support and bear targets from our past bch price forecast. that aside, odds of a bch buying follow through and confirmation of a three bar bullish reversal pattern remains high today. let’s have a look at bitcoin cash (bch) price action:from the newsit came as a news flash, that announcement by coinbase that they will support etc in the coming months. the news triggered a capital rush into a cryptocurrency that was there from the very beginning and still soldiering on as they build their legacy ethereum coin burn blockchain adhering to the spirit of decentralization. etc is now in the top 20 with a $1.45 billion market cap and with the new found attention, it might, title=bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis (june 15, 2018), summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined below the $6,000 support and formed a low at $5,654 against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines formed with resistance at $6,280 and $6,540 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps break the $6,280 resistance and test the next resistance at $6,500 in the near term. bitcoin price is in a bearish zone below $6,500 against the us dollar. btc/usd must break $6,280 and $6,540 to move back in a positive zone. bitcoin price analysisthere was another downside reaction below $5,900 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair extended declines below $5,800 and traded to a new monthly low at $5,654. later, it started an upside correction above $5,700, but, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd facing uphill task, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,500, bleu=0.1261
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has gained a bit more traction on its bounce, signaling that bulls are back in the game. if bullish pressure is strong enough, a break past the inverse head and shoulders neckline on the 4-hour chart could take place. in that case, a stronger rally for bitcoin price could be underway. bitcoin price is forming an inverse head and shoulders pattern to signal that a longer-term climb could take place. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that there’s still a chance for the selloff to resume. however, the gap between the moving averages has significantly narrowed to indicate a potential upward crossover. in that case, bullish momentum could gain more traction and allow bitcoin price to surge past the neck, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 04/19/2018 – bulls ready to charge past neckline, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Recover?, bleu=0.0258
summarize:eth/usdethereum was a bit choppy during the trading session on wednesday, as we approach the $900 region. there is plenty of support below to keep the market higher though, so on dips i believe that ethereum offers value, and that we will continue to see a "buy on the dips” mentality. longer-term, the target is $1000, but it’s going to take a while to get there. eth/btcethereum was flat during the trading session on wednesday after initially falling. the market looks as if it is trying to continue to go to the upside, and we are currently right in the middle of the bollinger bands, suggesting that perhaps we could continue to go higher. with a little bit of artistic license, you can form a nice uptrend that the market is following. ultimately, i believe, title=ethereum analysis january 4, 2018, summary=eth/btcethereum Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Cardano: Buying on the Dips, bleu=0.0151
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price gained bullish momentum and it broke the $12.50 and $13.40 resistances against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line in place with support at $13.10 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is likely to accelerate higher above the $14.20 and $15.00 resistance levels in the near term. ethereum classic price is gaining traction against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd could continue to move higher towards the $15.00 level. ethereum classic price trendafter declining towards the $10.50 level, etc price found a strong buying interest against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair started a fresh upward move and broke the $12.50 resistance. it even surged above the $14.00 level and settled above the 100 hourly simple moving average. a new weekly high was formed, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd surging, could break $15, summary=Ether Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $15.00, bleu=0.034
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to stay above the $2500 and $2600 support levels against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $2520 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair might extend its decline and it could even trade towards the $2300 support area. bitcoin cash price struggled and moved below $2500 against the us dollar. bch/usd could trade further lower and test the $2300 support. bitcoin cash price declinethere was a pause in the bounce near $2700 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price failed to stay above the $2700 level and started a downside move. it declined and broke the $2600 and $2500 support levels. during the decline, there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $2520 on the hourly chart of b, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd to retest $2300, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Test $2300, bleu=0.0735
summarize:safe for iota bears ranging with an accumulation, most other alt coins are low in volatility. ltc leads the pack and for some times now, price action has been so uneventful as the horizontal accumulation and pump continues. yesterday, we saw lumens prices testing $0.70 but even though it looked promising, lumens price action slid back below the middle bb. let’s have a look at other alt coin chartsi need a sign to initiate nem positionsxemusd 4hr chart for january 16, 2018indeed, the bounce from around the 78.6% fibonacci extension level rounded up a nice double-bottoms which we were anticipating. now, as per our trade plan, we cannot be sure of nem bullish pressure if price fails to close above $1.5. you see, if they do then it will, title=most alt coins are in accumulation mode, summary=ltc Price Technical Analysis – iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, EOS, BTC, Nikkei, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price broke many supports and traded below $800 against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line in place with resistance near $820 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to continue its decline as long as it is below $850 and $900 resistance levels. bitcoin cash price declined heavily below $900 against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps accelerate declines towards the $700 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price declinethis past week, there was a major bearish reaction from the $910 resistance zone in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price started a major downside move and dropped below the $850 and $800 support levels. the decline was such that the price even broke the $750 support zone. a low was formed near $721 and the price is now trading well below, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd extending losses, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Continue Downtrend, bleu=0.1261
summarize:fomo momentsthe markets are slowly recovering from a new monthly low yesterday when total market capitalization fell to $275 billion, just lower than last month’s dip. after falling to a low of $7,500 bitcoin has risen back over $8,000 however ethereum and a lot of the altcoins have suffered heavy losses. when there is a dip many often show double digit gains the next day giving the appearance that all is well again. at the time of writing the top performing altcoin is stellar lumens. coinmarketcap reports that xlm has rebounded 19% during the asian trading session this morning. after hitting a low of $0.16 it has recovered to around $0.22, but it still way down. over the week stellar has lost over 30% and the monthly chart is even gloomier with a 50% loss. in terms of btc stellar is, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is stellar lumens, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0245
summarize:like most coins, there is some upward pressure for bitcoin and what a time to capitalize on. in the past week or so, we have seen the influence of $6,000 our main support line and 2018 lows. because of these developments, odds of further gains are high and this opens the door for bitcoin buyers to search for loading opportunities in lower time frames. from the newsby design, cryptocurrencies are meant to exist on their own without government interventions. to make this a reality, these coins exist digitally in an often regulated environment. aside the regurgitation of stale crypto news by mainstream media, we have seen how useful they are for struggling economies hit by hyperinflation. bitcoin for example is in use in zimbabwe and in bolivia where their government issued paper monies are worthless. these encouraging cases give a glimpse of the future where the value of any currency is determined by the community and not by a government entity, title=bitcoin (btc) technical analysis: purging “useless” coins will pump bitcoin to $20,000 says clam chambers, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: What’s Next for Bitcoin?, bleu=0.0157
summarize:if you were expecting fireworks this week, then you must be disappointed more so if you’re a lumens trader. from the chart, it looks like lumens sellers are on the driving seat preventing prices from recovering. but, that is not the only suppressed pair. we can read the same script in nem, iota, xmr and ltc even after yesterday’s encouraging double bar reversal pattern at key fibonacci levels across the board. our previous buy triggers are still intact but let’s wait and see what today brings. let’s have a look at other alt coin chartsnem prices are flatxemusd 4hr chart for january 10, 201824 hours later and nem prices remain flat and boring! yes boring especially if you have been waiting patiently waiting for prices to dip if buyers are not willing to push, title=lumens sellers pushing prices lower as buyers set triggers at $0.7, summary=iota, nem and ltc Technical Analysis – XMR, NEM, IOTA, LTC and Lumens, bleu=0.0
summarize:on a weekly basis, xrp lags and is up one percent in the same time frame. this comes at the backdrop of fuds and talk of sec anticipated clarification of xrp. despite all, xrp is still trading above key support lines. it is likely that weekend’s price action would shape the short to medium term trajectory of this coin. from the newsthe sore, iterative and tired debate of whether xrp is a security or a utility is quickly degenerating into drivel. if anything, ordinary investors don’t care about sec position. xrp traders on the other hand are after playing the market and are always angling to clip some profits. of course, sec oversight on cryptocurrencies-an emergent and a complex market-is but welcomed. this is solely because of the inherent architecture and unregulated nature of cryptocurrencies in general, title=xrp technical analysis: spike in xrp fuds signals a bottoming market, summary=xrp Price Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0191
summarize:tron price key highlightstron has tumbled to the bottom of its descending channel on the 4-hour time frame but support is still holding. a pullback could take tron price up to the channel resistance again and the inflection points might keep gains in check. technical indicators are showing that bearish pressure is still in play. tron price is finding some support at the bottom of its channel, but this might just be a pullback before more sellers return. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in addition, the gap between the moving averages is widening to reflect strengthening selling pressure. the 100 sma also lines up with the mid-channel area of interest around 0.02000 so it could serve as the closest ceiling. from there, tron could pull back to the 38.2% fib at, title=tron (trx) price watch: major correction taking place, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Pull Back, bleu=0.0375
summarize:after periods of modest gains in the first half of the week, sellers are now shifting gears and eroding gains in most coins under our focus. litecoin, tron and iota offer good examples. in this regard, i expect to see a further buy pressure relieve with iota and litecoin sellers in particular retesting previous supports at $1.5 and $140 respectively. let look at these charts:eosusd (eos)eos 4hr chart by trading viewat long last, we shall have a cryptocurrency price index tracking the performance of the sphere’s most liquid coins including bitcoin, ethereum and eos against the usd. the new index dubbed the bloomberg galaxy crypto index (bgci) is a collaborative initiative between mike novogratz, a former partner at goldman, title=iota, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin, eos: technical analysis for may 11, 2018, summary=Litecoin, tron and iota Price Analysis: eos, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens and More, bleu=0.0558
summarize:key highlightseth price is slowly moving higher and is holding the $545 support area against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $550 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair must clear the $575 and $580 resistance levels to gain upside momentum in the near term. ethereum price is moving nicely in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must stay above the $545 and $540 support levels to hold the bullish bias. ethereum price trendafter a decent upside move, eth price faced sellers near the $575 and $580 levels against the us dollar. the price topped at the $586.87 level and started a downside correction. it declined and moved below the $575 and $560 levels. moreover, there was a break below the 38, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd break $575?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0687
summarize:key highlightsripple price started an upside correction after trading as low as $0.6603 against the us dollar. there is an ascending channel forming with current support at $0.6900 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may continue to correct higher if it breaks the $0.7150 resistance level. ripple price is slowly correcting higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is currently struggling to break $0.7050 and the 100 hourly sma with a few positive signs. ripple price resistanceafter a substantial decline yesterday below $0.7000, ripple price found support above $0.6500 against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $0.6603 before buyers appeared. later, the price started an upside correction and traded above the $0.6750 resistance. it also traded above the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd correcting higher, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.7050, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to hold gains and declined below the $825 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bullish trend line was breached with support at $840 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is now back in a bearish zone with an immediate support near the $780 level. bitcoin cash price faced an increased selling pressure against the us dollar. bch/usd dropped below the $825 support to move into a bearish zone. bitcoin cash price declinethere were a couple of failures noted above the $870 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair started a downside move and broke the $850 and $840 support levels. there was even a break below the 50% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $770 swing low to $8, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd back in bearish zone, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1274
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined further and broke the $730 support area against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $740 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to move down towards the last swing low and support at $700. bitcoin cash price extended its downside correction below $740 against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to extend its decline further towards the $700 support. bitcoin cash price declinethere was a downside correction initiated from the $780 swing high in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined below the $750 support and faced an increased selling pressure. it prompted more declines and the price declined below the $740 support area. more importantly, there was a close below the 50% fib retracement level of the, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd extending losses, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $700, bleu=0.115
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to gain traction and declined back towards the last swing low near $360 against the us dollar. there was a break below a major ascending channel with support at $395 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is trading near the $362 and $360 support levels, and it remains at a risk of more declines. ethereum price is struggling to hold important supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could even break the $360 level for more losses in the near term. ethereum price supportyesterday, there was a tiny upside move above $400 in eth price against the us dollar. however, the price failed to gain traction and started a downside move from well above $405. it declined and broke the 61.8% fib retracement level of the last upside, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd hold $360?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $360, bleu=0.0932
summarize:fomo momentsthe rout has continued today following a mass ethereum selloff in a couple of hours yesterday. markets are tumbling precipitously towards $300 billion, their lowest point since mid-april and a key support level. failure to hold this could send all cryptos down towards their end of march yearly lows. bitcoin has floundered again losing 3% on the day and falling to $7,150. ethereum has also been battered and all altcoins are currently bleeding. there are no cryptocurrencies showing gains in the top 50 during the morning’s asian trading session. we have to go back to the end of march to the last time every single crypto currency was bleeding. technical analysts are warning of a bearish breakout as bitcoin closes below a long term consolidation pattern. ethereum has fared worse losing 6% on the day and, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: bitcoin dominance approaches 40% as altcoins bleed, summary=ethereum, Bitcoin, EOS, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether: Technical Analysis for the Day, bleu=0.0173
summarize:today, our altcoin analysis should be on stellar lumens inverted head and shoulder pattern and how buyers might be loading up their long positions. it’s all on maybes especially now we know that the trend is bearish right from the top. anyhow, if it continues this way, the recovery might see buyers testing the main resistance trend line and that is what many want. we are all dying for a recovery. encouragingly, lumens is not alone. the same set up is visible in nem, eos, ltc and neo. is this a turn of new buy tide? hope so, lets ee what the charts got for us. nem sellers fails to confirm minor support trend line break outxemusd 4hr chart for january 24, 2018contrary to expectation, bears couldn’t follow through with yesterday’s minor break out, title=altcoin analysis, stellar, nem, litecoin, neo, eos, summary=Altcoin Analysis: nem, EOS, ltc, NEO, Neo, IOTA, S&P 500: Possible Breakout, bleu=0.0455
summarize:key highlightseth price corrected a few points higher towards the $448-450 resistance against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line is in place with resistance near $452 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair struggled to move above $450 and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a bearish sign. ethereum price remains in a bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could continue to move down as long as it is below $450. ethereum price upside hurdleyesterday, eth price moved further lower and traded close to the $420 level against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair formed a low at $419.96 before starting an upside correction. it moved higher and broke the $430 resistance. there was also a break above the, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd’s bearish trend intact, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0839
summarize:over all, yesterday was a pretty good day for alt coins. fact is we saw higher highs in most coins under our radar and spearheading this recovery was tron. at some point, tron was up 20 percent and this comes some five days before tron’s mainnet launch which like others often come with dip in prices. but, if yesterday’s momentum continues and most importantly this week end up bullish then it’s most likely that trx would edge higher. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewall things constant, it’s easy to point hands and even thrash eos for their efforts. yes, there was a glitch on saturday but it was resolved-quickly and that’s what counts. it’s not eosio fault either as their protocol demands an emergency, title=to trx coin holders: “mainnet launches often clip price”: tron, iota, stellar lumens, litecoin and eos technical analysis (june 20, 2018), summary=tron, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS Technical Analysis – trx and eosio, bleu=0.0297
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price recovered and moved above the $520 and $540 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a major contracting triangle forming with support near $545 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to stay above the $545 and $540 support levels to remain in an uptrend in the near term. bitcoin cash price failed to settle above $600 and declined against the us dollar. bch/usd is currently testing an important support area near $540. bitcoin cash price supportafter a major decline, bitcoin cash price found support near the $465 level against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair started a recovery and moved above the $500, $520, $540 and $580 resistance levels. there was even a spike above the $600 level. however, the price failed to settle above the $600, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd holding key support at $540, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains in Uptrend, bleu=0.0982
summarize:key highlightsripple price broke the $0.3250 and $0.3300 resistance levels to move into a bullish zone against the us dollar. there is a connecting bullish trend line formed with support at $0.3260 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair formed an intraday high at $0.3436 and it is currently correcting lower towards $0.3320. ripple price is positioned nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd dips remain supported around the $0.3320 and $0.3300 levels in the near term. ripple price trendyesterday, we discussed that ripple price could test the $0.3400 resistance against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair did trade higher, broke the $0.3300 resistance level, and tested the $0.3400 level. there was a close above the $0., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd turned bullish above $0.3300, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Test $0.3400, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price made a nice upside move and broke the $6,750 and $6,775 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line in place with support at $6,780 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently consolidating gains and it looks set for more gains above $7,000 in the near term. bitcoin price gained bullish momentum above the $6,750 resistance against the us dollar. btc/usd is now preparing for more upsides above $7,000. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we discussed a possible break above $6,750 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair did trade higher and buyers succeeded in clearing the $6,750 and $6,775 resistance levels. the price even broke the $6,850 level to move into a bull, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd primed to gain above $7,000, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,750, bleu=0.1246
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still trending inside an ascending channel pattern and has bounced off support. price is approaching another potential resistance level at its symmetrical triangle pattern. a move past this ceiling could lead to a sharper climb for bitcoin to the mid-channel area of interest or the very top. bitcoin price is regaining ground after testing the rising channel support but has several upside barriers to contend with. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is crossing above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the rally is more likely to continue than to reverse. price has also moved above these dynamic inflection points as an early indication of strengthening bullish momentum. however, bitcoin price needs to clear the next roadblock at the $7000 major psychological level, which happens to be the top of its symmetrical triangle before continuing its, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 04/12/2018 – slow but steady climb, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – BTC/USD Regaining Ground, bleu=0.0303
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price continued to decline and it moved below the $1,200 support against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines forming with resistance at $1,360 and $1,440 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair is currently under a lot of pressure and it could even trade toward $1,000 in the near term. bitcoin cash price declined heavily by more than $200 against the us dollar. bch/usd is now in a bearish zone and is eying further declines. bitcoin cash price declinethis week is turning out to be a major declining phase for bitcoin cash price from the $1,450 swing high against the us dollar. the price extended its decline recently and it even moved below the $1,300 and $1,200 support levels. the current decline is very strong and the price is trading below the $1,180 level. the recent low, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1,000, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsanother flat day starts in asia as the bulls and bears are still in stalemate and the markets cannot gain traction in either direction. the total market capitalization is still hovering around $300 billion though the threat of a drop further still looms. bitcoin has not moved from its level at just below $8,000 and altcoins have been lack luster for a few days now. the one showing the strongest gains in the top 25 this morning is tron. as reported by coinmarketcap, trx is trading 10% higher on the day. this often controversial altcoin is currently trading at $0.048 up from $0.043 this time yesterday and over the week gains have been even better at 26%. tron has been one of the few altcoins to actually show gains over the past month as it is up 20% from $0.040 at the end of february, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is tron, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: tron, XRP, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether, BTC, EOS, NEO, IOTA: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0159
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price traded above the $700 level before facing minor offers near $725 against the us dollar. there is a connecting bullish trend line forming with support near $685 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair remains supported on the downside around the $680 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is currently trading in a positive zone against the us dollar. bch/usd remains supported on the downside near the broken resistance at $680. bitcoin cash price supportthere were further recoveries above the $675 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price moved higher and managed to break a major resistance at $680. later, it succeeded in moving past the $700 level as well. it is now placed nicely above the $680 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. however, the upside move was, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd remains supported, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Supported, bleu=0.0446
summarize:while we were generally expectant of a follow through, bears stepped in and reduced last week’s buy pressure. however, our buy projections remain valid since most coins are in the green territory, one week later. even as eos cements its spot in the top 5, i see potential in litecoin and iota which continues to court headlines. let look at these charts:eosusd (eos)eos daily chart by trading viewit’s consistency that draws value over the long term and that is what we are seeing if we consider eos and its value in general. to begin with, prices are up 2.5x since dawn 3.0 launch and why not, the update came earlier than anticipated. at the moment, crypto space commanders are battling to become block producers while other start ups are readying to launch their products at the eo, title=neo, stellar lumens, iota, litecoin, eos: technical analysis for april 28, 2018, summary=eos, Litecoin, Iota, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis – XRP, OTC, S&P 500, bleu=0.0281
summarize:key highlightseth price is surging higher and it recently moved above the $900 level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line forming with support at $890 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair remains in a super bullish trend and it is likely to move toward $1000 in the near term. ethereum price is gaining upside momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may soon make an attempt to break $1000. ethereum price trendthere were continuing gains in eth price from the $800 swing low against the us dollar. the price gained upside momentum and was able to move above the $850 and $860 resistance levels. the upside move was strong since the price was able to move above the $900 level. a new all-time high was formed at $946.71 from, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd gunning toward $1000, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $1000, bleu=0.1585
summarize:key highlightseth price is holding the $400-402 support area and is currently consolidating against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line in place with resistance at $412 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is facing many resistances on the upside near $412, $416 and $428 for more recoveries. ethereum price remains in a downtrend against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must clear the $412 and $728 resistances to gain traction in the near term. ethereum price upside hurdlesthere were heavy losses below $440 this past week in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded below $400, but it later recovered and started consolidating in a range. it seems like the price is forming a decent support near the $400-402 zone, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd’s recovery capped near $412-428, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains in Downtrend, bleu=0.0571
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price could be due for a short-term drop as price formed a double top on the 1-hour time frame. price has also formed lower highs, which also indicates that sellers are pushing harder. technical indicators, however, are still showing some signs that buyers could return. bitcoin price has formed a small double top to signal that another wave lower could take place. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this indicates that the rally is more likely to resume than reverse. however, the gap between the moving averages is narrowing to reflect weakening bullish momentum. if a downward crossover materializes, selling pressure could pick up. in that case, bitcoin price might break below the neckline at $8,400 and drop by $600 or the same height as the chart pattern, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/26/2018 – bears make another push, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Short-Term Drop Take Place?, bleu=0.0264
summarize:most altcoins moved lower but that is normal especially if we consider how robust prices have been over the past 4-5 trading days. that’s what happening to eos and neo especially. in any case, buyers should be gearing to buy on dips-and average down they position with every lows these liquid coins prints. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlmusd daily chart for february 19, 2018some little bit of positivity here, besides bittrex, lumens is now available at kraken with usd as quote. several prices show a positive correlation between price and the availability of tokens at more than one high trading volume exchange. in this case, i recommend taking long opportunities in lower time frames every time a stochastics buy signal prints from the oversold territories. as it is, we can see, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iot and lumens, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS, NEO, BTC, IOTA: Technical Analysis – XLM/USDXL, bleu=0.0196
summarize:with every slide in the cryptocurrency market, bitcoin dominance increases. as a matter of fact, bitcoin ball park control stands at 40 percent in the last seven days or so. that’s when bears took more than $30 billion despite supportive news from the sec. going forward, it could be worse for cryptocurrency portfolios because any break below $6,000 and we might see btc valuation dropping 85 percent from its aths to $3,000. let’s have a look at these charts:from the newsit is attack after attack but in the case of bitgrail, ordinary account holders are set to suffer. a while back, this italian exchange was hit by hackers who made away with $187 million worth of nano coin. even though the operations of the exchange took a hit, they resumed normal services a few days later. however, with formal announcement by the exchange that they were not in a position to reimburse user funds because they, title=“bitcoin (btc) prices yet to hit rock bottom”: bitcoin (btc) technical analysis (june 18, 2018), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Watch: btc, Bitgrail, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS, BTC, IOTA – What’s Next?, bleu=0.019
summarize:key highlightseth price declined heavily and traded close to the $425 support area against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line in place with resistance at $448 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is consolidating losses and it is facing many resistances on the upside near $440 and $448. ethereum price is back in a negative zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could correct higher, but it is likely to face sellers near $445-448. ethereum price resistanceyesterday, there were heavy losses in eth price as it broke the $460 support against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair declined below the $452 pivot level to move into a negative zone. it almost tested the $425 support before buyers appeared. a low was formed at $428.14, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd remains at risk, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.1395
summarize:after all, bitcoin is on the verge of a new revival that may bolster prices and hopefully propel them above week ending aug 12 highs-the all important level $7,200. technically it’s a tall order gauging by the way bitcoin buyers are struggling to build momentum that would thrust and sustain them above $7,000—a conservative buy trigger line. on the fundamental lane, sentiment is finally shifting. sooner-and it’s already in motion, more shorts would exit as buyers enter the market padding the foundation for the next wave of longs. from the newsto say the bitcoin and altcoin markets have been turbulent is an understatement considering accompanying metrics. even as bears slow down, the market has been a bleeding ground for crypto investors. but like every other asset, bitcoin and most digital assets are near historical reversal zones after shedding more than 80 percent from their recent peaks. this phenomenon, title=bitcoin (btc) price technical analysis: sentiment shift as shorts exit positions boosting bitcoin prices, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Cardano, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined below the $6,100 level before recovering substantially against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line in place with resistance at $6,360 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must break the trend line resistance and $6,350 to move further higher in the near term. bitcoin price is struggling to hold gains against the us dollar. btc/usd may perhaps continue to face hurdles near $6,360 and $6,420. bitcoin price analysisbitcoin price failed to stay above the $6,280 low against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair declined further and broke the $6,120 support level. it traded as low as $6,076 before starting an upside correction. there was a decent comeback since the price moved above the $6,220 level. it also broke the 38, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd upsides remain capped, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Recover Further, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to hold gains above $0.5180 and declined sharply against the us dollar. there was a break below yesterday’s pointed bullish trend line with support at $0.5185 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is now trading well below the $0.5000 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is showing a few negative signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may correct a few points higher, but it could face sellers near $0.50 and 100 sma. ripple price supportyesterday, we saw a rise above the $0.5200 level in ripple price against the us dollar. however, the price failed to surpass the $0.5500 level and started a downside move. it traded lower and broke a major support at $0.5200. there was also a break below, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd back below 100 sma, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest $0.50, bleu=0.1136
summarize:ripple price key highlightsripple recently busted through a descending trend line to signal that a reversal from the downtrend is underway. price is pulling back to the broken resistance, though, so a retest appears to be taking place. if the former resistance holds as support, price could resume the climb to the swing high or the next fib extension levels. ripple price is retesting a broken falling trend line resistance that might hold as a floor and push it to the extension levels next. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, ripple also seems to be finding support at this dynamic inflection point just above the broken trend line. if support holds, price could rally back up to the swing high, title=ripple (xrp) price watch: will more bulls join in?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – Could a Retest Hold?, bleu=0.0311
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is starting to breach support of its symmetrical triangle to signal that a downtrend is underway. zooming out to longer-term charts reveals that this triangle could be a bearish flag formation, which typically signals continuation. technical indicators are showing that bearish momentum could stay in play for a bit longer. bitcoin price is breaking below its symmetrical triangle support to signal that a downtrend is about to happen. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. the 100 sma also recently held as dynamic resistance. stochastic has climbed out of the oversold region but appears to be changing its mind before gaining any upside traction. this suggests that bears are still trying, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/29/2018 – sellers step on the gas, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Downtrend Continue?, bleu=0.023
summarize:eth/usdethereum rolled over during the day on monday, as crypto currencies began the week by selling off again. we have broken below the $1000 level, and it looks as if we’re going to go looking towards the uptrend line below, which has a value of roughly $800. at this point, selling ethereum is all you can do if you’re going to put money to work. a breakdown below the $800 level will send this market much lower. eth/btcethereum markets went sideways during the day on monday, bouncing around the 0.09 level. the market continues to consolidate between the 0.08 level on the bottom, and the 0.10 level on the top. currently, there is not much in the way of volume or price action, so avoiding this market makes sense. thanks for watching, i’ll be back tomorrow., title=ethereum analysis january 23, 2018, summary=eth/usdethereum Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is Ethereum, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still on a tear, making its way up to the top of an ascending channel on the 1-hour chart. price could be due for a pullback to the channel bottom from here in order to gain more bullish momentum. the fib levels on the latest swing low and high show the areas where buyers might be waiting. bitcoin price could be due for a quick pullback from its ongoing climb as buyers wait to hop in at better prices. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is safely above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the gap between the moving averages is also widening to signal strengthening buying momentum. the 100 sma lines up with the 38.2% fib at $6,800 while the 200 sm, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: more buyers waiting to join, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Recover?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price declined further and broke the $440 level before recovering against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line formed with resistance at $460 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is struggling to break the trend line and resistance at $460-470, which is a bearish sign. ethereum price is facing tough challenges against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains in a downtrend as long as it is below $470. ethereum price upside hurdlethere was a failure to hold the $455 and $450 support levels in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair extended its declined below the $440 level and traded close to the $420 level. later, it started an upside move, traded above the $440 level, but it is still way below the 100, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd recover further?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains in Downtrend, bleu=0.1395
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price resumed its drop as price is now breaking past the mid-range area of interest. this could put it on track towards testing the range floor at the $6,550 level. technical indicators are confirming that selling pressure is still in play. bitcoin price seems poised for more losses as it reeled from kashkari’s remarks and is setting its sights on the range bottom. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. the 100 sma also seems to have held as dynamic resistance and would likely keep further gains in check in another pullback. the gap between the two moving averages is also widening to reflect strengthening bearish pressure. rsi is pointing down to confirm that, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: kashkari comments bring sellers in, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Poloniex, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Zcash, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started a downside move after it traded as high as $1,834 against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line in place with support at $1,610 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently testing a major support area near $1,640, which could hold losses in the near term. bitcoin cash price remains supported above $1,600 against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to bounce back once the current correction is over. bitcoin cash price supportafter a sharp upside move, bitcoin cash price formed a short-term top near $1,834 against the us dollar. the price started a downside correction and declined below the $1,800 and $1,750 support levels. it also traded below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $1,, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd testing key support, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0407
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price jumped higher and broke a key resistance at $950 against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $960 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may correct a few points in the short term, but downsides remain supported above $950. bitcoin cash price is back in a bullish zone above $950 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to gather pace above $1,040 for more gains in the near term. bitcoin cash price trendthere was a decent support formed around the $870 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price started a solid upside move and traded above the $900 resistance level. it opened the doors for more gains and the price broke the 50% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd broke key resistance, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1395
summarize:of all coins, stellar lumens performance stands out. it is one of the top performers in the market gaining eight percent in the last day. iota is also following suit. while iota prices are well balanced and trading above 90 cents-our sell trigger line, any up thrust above $1.1 and $1.3 would be morale boosting for buyers. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading vieweveripedia describes itself as the "next generation encyclopedia that is rebuilt for the modern age”. it’s a for-profit organization and a fork of wikipedia with more than six million articles on its data base. what stands out is that is free from ads and free for everyone to use under the creative common. everipedia’s iq tokens are now available at bitfinex. everipedia, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: bitfinex lists everipedia tokens as stellar adds 8%, summary=iota Price Technical Analysis: EOS, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, IOTA and XRP, bleu=0.0267
summarize:ethereum classic price key highlightsethereum classic recently tumbled below a short-term ascending trend line to show that sellers are winning out. however, price is also encountering strong support at the long-term floor around $13. a bounce off this level could lead to a test of the broken short-term trend line or a move to the next area of interest. ethereum classic price is fighting to keep its head above the long-term floor as it recently fell below a short-term trend line. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma recently crossed below the longer-term 200 sma to signal a pickup in selling pressure. this indicates that the path of least resistance is to the downside or that support is more likely to break than to hold. however, rsi is pulling up from the oversold area to signal a return in bullish pressure. a bullish diverg, title=ethereum classic (etc) price watch: short-term breakdown, but long-term floor holding, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – rsi Pulls Up, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price moved a few points lower after trading as high as $485.71 against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line in place with support at $470 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is trading above a few important support levels like $465 and $470. ethereum price is struggling to gain momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must hold the $465 support to bounce back in the near term. ethereum price trendyesterday, there was a nice upside move above the $470 resistance in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair spiked above the $485 level and formed a high at $485.71. later, the price started a downside correction and traded below $475. it broke the 23.6% fib, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd bullish above $465, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1413
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price surged higher and traded above the $14.00 resistance against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $14.20 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may correct a few points lower, but it will most likely find support near $14.10-20. ethereum classic price is back in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is now placed well above the $14.00 support zone and is poised for more gains. ethereum classic price supportafter a downside correction, etc price found support near the $13.20 level against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair started an upside move and broke the $13.80 and $14.00 resistance levels. it opened the doors for more gains and the price settled above $14.00 and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd breaks key resistance, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0407
summarize:fomo moments a mixed bag greeted us during this morning’s asian trading session. a bit of a cool off from dip buying has leveled out the markets but they are still mostly in the green. bitcoin is holding $8,000 which is good news for all the altcoins which seem to be heading upwards still. looking at the top 25 we can see that one altcoin is doing better than the rest and it is one we have mentioned before; lisk. with a 18.7% rise on this time yesterday lsk is performing better that all of its siblings. from $16.45 at the same time yesterday the token is up to just over $20 at the time of writing. during the big dip on february 6 lsk fell as low as $12.18 so since then it has climbed an impressive 64% in just two days. the all-time high for, title=morning asian altcoin trading roundup: the leader is lisk, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: lsk, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0191
summarize:key points bitcoin cash price declined further and moved to a new monthly low at $650 against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line formed with resistance near $690 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to extend losses towards the $640 and $630 levels in the near term. bitcoin cash price is back in a downtrend below $700 against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps continue to decline towards the $630 level if sellers remain in action. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a fresh downside wave initiated from the $780 swing high in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair failed to gain traction, moved down, and broke a few important supports such as $750 and $700. the decline was such that the price even broken the 76., title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd resumes its slide, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $630, bleu=0.115
summarize:dash/usddash traders did very little during the day on wednesday, although it was positive. there was little in the way of volume, and that is the most concerning part. i suspect that we will probably see the market roll over again, but if we were to break above the $1000 level, regardless of volume, i would be convinced to start buying. in the meantime, i suspect that we are going to get a pull back. ltc/usdlitecoin had a little bit more volume, but quite frankly still looks very anemic. i believe that the $200 level above will probably continue to offer resistance, so i would be a bit surprised if we broke above there. if we did so with volume, i would be convinced to start buying. we have made a "higher low”, but on very little volume, so it’s not, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 25, 2018, summary=ltc/usdlitecoin Technical Analysis for Wednesday, bleu=0.0
summarize:our highlight of the day is eos. even if most altcoins as neo, ltc, lumens and iota didn’t record impressive gains, that surge and close above the middle bb is important. because of that and the fact that momentum is generally positive for most altcoins including eos, bulls may as well look for buying opportunities in lower time frames. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlm/usd bittrex daily chart for march 22, 2018in a trending market, stochastics often provide a clear picture when it comes to the strength of underlying bears or bulls. in this case, lumens are obviously in a bull trend and even though recent gains have been low, it looks like buyers are pushing, title=neo, eos, ltc, iota, lumens: technical analysis march 22, 2018, summary=eos, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis for March 22, 2018, bleu=0.1098
summarize:though altcoins are finding reprieve following rapid depreciation mid this week, the fact that most are trading at new 2018 lows as iota, litecoin while some as eos and stellar lumens are retesting important support line means the market might add to their losses in coming days/weeks. however, there are potential upsides especially if the sec comes up with favorable decision on vaneck solidx bitcoin etf–the reason behind recent market fracture. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewtwo days of high volume, high trade range trading days saw eos prices plummet below our intermittent support and sell trigger line on aug 7 and 8. on a weekly basis, that was a 22 percent decline in prices and as expected, confirmation of such events are not usually accompanied by high volumes or trading ranges. in fact, title=litecoin, eos, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: altcoins stabilize and likely to retest recent break out levels, summary=Altcoin Technical Analysis – eos, Stellar Lumens and IOTA, bleu=0.0253
summarize:key highlightsripple price traded close to the $0.4750 resistance where it faced sellers against the us dollar. there is a short-term ascending channel in place with support at $0.4620 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair could break the channel support and $0.4600 for a downside extension in the near term. ripple price is currently consolidating losses against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may perhaps resume its decline if it fails to move above $0.4750 and $0.4800. ripple price resistancesthere was a short-term low formed recently near $0.4470 in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair started a minor upside correction and traded above the $0.4550 resistance. it succeeded in moving above the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last drop from the, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd consolidating losses, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.1261
summarize:dash/usddash traders offered little in the way of volume during the trading session on thursday, as we danced around the $800 level. i believe that the market is going to continue to go back and forth between $750 level underneath, and $850 above. there is a serious lack of volume, so i suspect that if we do get a significant move, it is probably going to be to the downside. ltc/usdlitecoin has done nothing during the session on thursday, as we continue to see the market hang around the $180 handle. the $160 level underneath would be the "floor” in the market, just as the $200 level above is the "ceiling.” sideways trading should continue to be the main feature here. thanks for watching, i’ll be back monday. dash and litecoin analysis january 26,, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 26, 2018, summary=ltc/usdlitecoin Technical Analysis for thursday – XRP/USD Moving Below $180, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price has formed a decent support base at $770 and is currently moving higher against the us dollar. there was a break above a short term bearish trend line with resistance at $800 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is likely to gain upside momentum and it could soon move above the $860 resistance. ethereum price is moving nicely in the bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently gaining pace and it could move above the $860 level. ethereum price support basethere were a couple of swing moves in eth price from the $840 level against the us dollar. the price traded towards the $760-770 support area where buyers prevented declines on many occasions. a support base was formed near $770 and the price started an upside move. it traded above the $780, title=ethereum technical analysis – eth/usd to gain upside momentum, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $860, bleu=0.1261
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is consolidating inside a rising wedge and is nearing the peak of the pattern. price could break out of the formation anytime soon, signaling which direction a longer-term move might go. technical indicators are giving mixed signals in terms of bullish or bearish presence. bitcoin price is consolidating inside a rising wedge formation as it awaits directional clues for a longer-term move. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. these are also near the wedge support to add to its strength as a floor. however, rsi seems to be heading lower to indicate that selling pressure is returning, even though the oscillator didn’t reach overbought levels on its latest climb, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: look out for a wedge breakout, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break Out, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price extended declines and traded to a new monthly low at $0.1070 against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial bearish trend line formed with resistance near $0.1170 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair could drop further if buyers fail to push the price above $0.1170 and $0.1200. cardano price is facing an uphill task against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd remains at a risk of more losses below the $0.1100 level in the near term. cardano price analysisafter a short-term correction, cardano price failed to move above the $0.1250 resistance against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair topped near the $0.1270 level and started a fresh downside move. it declined sharply and broke, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd sellers remain in control below $0.12, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Drop Further, bleu=0.1062
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is forming a support base above the $6,350 and is currently moving higher against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with resistance near $6,610 level on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must stay above the $6,420 and $6,350 support levels to move higher. bitcoin price is gaining pace above the $6,400 level against the us dollar. btc/usd is likely to rise in the near term above the $6,620 level. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we discussed a decent support formation near the $6,220 level in bitcoin price against the us dollar. there was a double bottom pattern formed near the $6,220 level from where the btc/usd pair climbed higher. the price moved above the $6,550 level and, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd slowly grinding higher towards $6,700, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Moving Higher, bleu=0.1157
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price failed to stay above the $34.00 level and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a connecting bullish trend line with support at $34.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair needs to stay above the $30.00 support level to avoid any further declines. ethereum classic price struggled to maintain gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd must hold the $30.00 support area to remain to recover back above $35.00. ethereum classic price supportthere was a nice upside move in etc price above the $38.00 level recently against the us dollar. however, the price failed to stay in the bullish zone, moved down and broke the $37.00 and $35.00 support levels. the decline was such that the price moved below the $34.00 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average., title=eth classic price tech analysis – can etc/usd stay above $30?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.031
summarize:eos price key highlightseos is ready to resume its downtrend after bouncing off the top of the descending channel on the 4-hour chart. price is also breaking below the mid-channel area of interest to signal a potential move until the bottom. the fibonacci extension tool shows the next downside targets, but technical indicators suggest a return in bullish pressure. eos looks prime for further declines to the channel bottom, but technical indicators are saying otherwise. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma for now, indicating that the path of least resistance is to the downside. however, the gap has narrowed enough to signal a potential bullish crossover. if this pulls through, a return in buying pressure could still lead to a bounce back to the channel top for eos. at the same time, rsi, title=eos price watch: how low can this go?, summary=EOS Price Technical Analysis – eos Could Recover to the Bottom, bleu=0.0375
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price failed to hold an important support at $16.25 and declined against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance at $15.65 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses as long as it is below the $15.70 and $16.00 resistances. ethereum classic price is in a bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd must move back above the $16.00 resistance to start a recovery. ethereum classic price declinethere were positive moves above the $16.50 level earlier this week in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair attempted to clear the $17.25-30 resistance on a couple of occasions. however, buyers failed to gain traction above the $17.30 level, resulting in a bear, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd turned bearish?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bearish, bleu=0.0375
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to hold gains above $540 and declined sharply against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $530 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair declined heavily and retested the $500 and $510 support levels where buyers emerged. bitcoin cash price formed a top near the $575 level and declined against the us dollar. bch/usd is holding the $500 support, but it remains at risk of more losses. bitcoin cash price declineyesterday, we saw a sharp upward move above the $550 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. however, the bch/usd pair failed to stay above the $560 level, formed a top at $574, and later declined sharply. there was a sharp downside move and the price declined back below, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd reverses sharply below $540, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains at Risk of More Losses, bleu=0.0263
summarize:key highlightsripple price remains in a bearish zone and is currently trading well below $0.6500 against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line forming with resistance near $0.6500 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair has to stay above the $0.6100 and $0.6000 support levels to stay in a bullish zone. ripple price is facing a tough resistance against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must clear the $0.6500 resistance to start an upside move. ripple price resistancethere was a continuous increase in selling pressure below $0.7000 on ripple price against the us dollar. the price declined and traded below a key support level at $0.6500. there was also a close below the $0.6400 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. however, the downside move was stopped near the $0.6000 level, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd bearish below $0.6500?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1946
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price appears to be finding support at the bottom of its symmetrical triangle. bulls continue to defend this level but a short-term downtrend channel remains intact. a bounce off this area could lead to a test of the channel top, and an upside break could spur a move to the triangle top. bitcoin price continues to hover at the major support zone, and bulls would need more momentum to sustain a bounce. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma remains below the longer-term 200 sma on the 4-hour time frame to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this signals that the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. this could also mean that a break of the triangle support around $7,350 is imminent. the 100 sma lines up with the top of the short-term descending channel to add to its strength as, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: make or break situation, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Looking for Support, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price traded higher and it recently broke the $655 resistance against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $660 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to move higher and it could even break the $700 barrier in the near term. bitcoin cash price is showing positive signs above $650 against the us dollar. bch/usd might accelerate higher above the $700 level soon. bitcoin cash price trendthere was a decent support base formed around the $600 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $620 and $640 resistance levels. the best part was a break above the $650 resistance, which opened the doors for more gains. moreover, there was a close above the $650 level and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd broke key resistance, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $700, bleu=0.0367
summarize:it is time take a look at how action in the bitcoin price fared overnight in an attempt to try and figure out if we can use the action we have seen to try and put together a strategy for the european session today. instead of spending too much time discussing what just happened, it’s probably worth jumping straight into the chart for the purpose of this morning’s analysis because it’s looking as though we may get a near-term entry if things continue to move as they are doing right now. so, with this noted, let’s get straight to it. as ever, take a quick look at the chart below before we get started so as to get an idea where things stand right now. it is a one-minute candlestick chart and it has our primary range overlaid in green. as the chart shows, the range that we are looking at for the session today comes in as defined by support to the, title=bitcoin price watch; straight into the action, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could We Get a Near-Term Entry?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to move past the $580-600 resistance and tumbled against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $500 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair traded below the $475 level and it is currently correcting higher towards $500-510. bitcoin cash price traded sharply lower below $500 against the us dollar. bch/usd could correct higher, but it remains sell on rallies near $510 and $530. bitcoin cash price declineyesterday, bitcoin cash price made an attempt to break the $580 and $600 resistance levels against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair failed to move past $600, which resulted in a bearish reaction. the price dropped abruptly and broke many supports such as $550 and $520. it even settled, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd tumbles, sell on rallies, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Sell, bleu=0.1163
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is mostly trading in a range above the $2350 support against the us dollar. there is a major contracting triangle forming with resistance at $2800 on the 4-hours chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move either above $2800 or break the $2350 support for the next move. bitcoin cash price is preparing for the next break above $2800 against the us dollar. bch/usd has a good support on the downside at $2350. bitcoin cash price supportthere were mostly range moves in bitcoin cash price this past week above the $2350 support against the us dollar. the price dipped on a few occasions and tested the $2300 and $2200 support levels. however, the downside move was well supported with pivot as $2350. on the upside, the price struggled to break the $2700 and $2800 resistance levels. the, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd preparing for break, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $2350, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is positioned nicely above the $720 support zone against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with support at $760 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to trade in a range before it makes the next move above $790. bitcoin cash price is trading in a range above $720 against the us dollar. bch/usd is most likely to extend gains in the near term above $790-800. bitcoin cash price supportrecently, there was a sharp downside reaction from the $788 high in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. it seems like it was a false break as the price recovered back above $740. the $720 support zone acted as a strong support and the price bounce back above the 50% fib retracement level of the last, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd remains range bound, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $790, bleu=0.1934
summarize:key highlightsripple price gained upside momentum as it managed to hold the $0.5000 support against the us dollar. there is an ascending channel forming with support at $0.5400 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is likely to move higher above the $0.5800 and $0.5900 resistance levels in the near term. ripple price is slowly moving higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now above $0.5400, and it could continue to move higher. ripple price supportafter declining close to the $0.5000 level, ripple price found support against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $0.5035 before buyers appeared and started an upside move. xrp price climbed higher and moved above the $0.5200 resistance levels. there was also a break above the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last downward move, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd showing positive signs, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Continue Moving Higher, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key highlightsripple price held the $0.4270 support once again and remained well bid against the us dollar. there was a break above a connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $0.4300 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair bounced back recently, but it is struggling to clear the $0.4420 resistance level. ripple price is holding key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to recover further as long as it is above $0.4270. ripple price supportthere was a slow and steady decline towards $0.4300 in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair retested the $0.4270 support area, which acted as a significant barrier for sellers. there was no downside break below $0.4270, which is a positive sign. the price bounced back and moved, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd trading with positive signs, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.115
summarize:as dash reverse from $1200, other crypto pairs are following suit especially iota which is now trending lower after stalling at $4.2. generally, usd buyers are in charge across most currency pairs besides nem. apart from these, i will shift my focus on ltc and chances of losing their q4 2017 gains is high after failing to close above $255. let’s have a look at other chartsnem rally as buyers aim at $2xemusd 4hr chart for january 4, 2018price action sliced through $1.1 like a hot knife through butter. my recommendation on december 4 was proven wrong and after pasting a fibonacci extension between last week’s highs, then it’s evident that nem prices have already cleared two key resistance levels at $1.35 and at $.176. buy pressure is intact. even though there, title=dash reverse from $1200 as iota, ltc and monero follow suit, summary=Dash Price Technical Analysis – iota, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, NEM, Poloniex, BTC, IOTA, S&P 500, bleu=0.0267
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to remain above $1,220 and declined against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,225 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair may continue to move down and it could trade below the $1,180 and $1,150 support levels. bitcoin cash price faced an increased selling pressure below $1,250 against the us dollar. bch/usd declined below $1,220 and it remains at a risk of more losses. bitcoin cash price declinethere was no upside move above $1,250 in bitcoin cash price yesterday against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and traded below the $1,240 and $1,220 support levels. the decline gained pace and the price even traded below the $1,200 support level. during the slide, there was a close below the 50% fi, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd could slide further, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains at Risk of More Losses, bleu=0.0313
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined further and traded below the $1.1250 support area against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1.0800 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair is in a bearish trend and it will most likely continue to face sellers on the upside at $1.1000. ripple price extended its decline against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is correcting higher, but it is facing hurdles near $1.0800 and $1.1000. ripple price trendthere were further declines in ripple price from $1.2000 against the us dollar. the price traded below the $1.1250 as mentioned in yesterday’s post. there was a sharp increase in selling pressure and the price moved below the $1.0000 support as well. a low was formed at $0.9620 from where an upside, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd struggle continues, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price corrected higher nicely and moved above the $17.50 level against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $16.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower from $19.80, but it remains supported above $17.00. ethereum classic price is recovering against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd dips remain supported above the $17.00 and $17.50 support levels. ethereum classic price supportafter a major decline, etc price found support near the $14.20 level against the us dollar. the price started an upward correction and traded above the $15.00 and $15.50 resistance levels. the correction was positive as the price even broke $16.00 resistance and settled above the 100 hourly simple moving average. during the upside, there was a, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd settles above $17.50, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Supported, bleu=0.0372
summarize:eth/usdethereum rose slightly during the day on wednesday as the crypto currency markets have gotten a bit of a reprieve. regardless, one thing that i am concerned about is the lack of volume that we are seeing. because of this, i don’t necessarily trust the move higher, but i do recognize that if we break to a fresh, new high, extensively clearing the $1125 level, then buying is the only thing that can be done. i need to see more volume to be convinced otherwise. eth/btcethereum continues to go sideways against bitcoin, which of course isn’t a surprise, considering both currencies have struggled as of late. we are still consolidating between the 0.08 level on the bottom, and the 0.10 level on the top. until that changes, range bound trading is about as good as it gets, and quite frankly, title=ethereum analysis january 25, 2018, summary=eth/btcethereum Technical Analysis – ETH/BTC Continues to Go Sideways, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin recovery will resuscitate and perhaps lift altcoins from the dredges. yes, we need that positivity from bitcoin or eth but in the mean time, our altcoins technical analysis shows that individual fundamental events from neo, eos, ltc, monero or stellar lumens would definitely help. to begin with, eos would be under our radar this week with the launch of dawn 3.0. okay, there are hints of higher highs but if that would pump prices, then it’s a move we should welcome with open arms. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlmusd daily chart from bittrex for april 2, 2018even if stellar lumens prices are down in the excess of 10%,, title=neo, eos, ltc, monero and lumens: altcoins technical analysis april 2, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Litecoin, EOS: Technical Analysis for April 2, 2018, bleu=0.0881
summarize:key highlightsada price is currently under pressure and is just holding the $0.2020 support against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major bearish trend line formed with current resistance at $0.2100 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair could decline further if sellers succeed in pushing the price below the $0.2000 handle. cardano price is at risk of a downside break against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd may perhaps break the $0.2000 level to initiate further declines. cardano price analysisafter a decent upside move, ada price faced a strong resistance near the $0.2350 level against the us dollar. the price formed a top around $0.2360 and started a downside correction. it declined and moved below the $0.2200 and $0.2100 support levels. it almost tested the $0., title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd at risk of more declines, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.2000, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price is struggling to move higher above the $510 and $520 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line in place with resistance near $505 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses if it fails to move above the $505 and $510 resistances. ethereum price is slowly moving lower versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could decline further if sellers remain in control below $500. ethereum price resistancethis past week, eth price attempted an upside recovery from the $448 low against the us dollar. the price traded above the $500 resistance level. it also climbed above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $609 high to $448 low. however, the price faced a lot, title=ethereum price weekly analysis: eth/usd remains at risk, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.075
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started an upside correction from the $1340 swing low against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $1800 on the 4-hours chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair is now facing a couple of important resistance levels such as $2200 and $2300. bitcoin cash price has recovered nicely above $1600 against the us dollar. bch/usd must clear the $2200-2300 hurdle for more gains in the near term. bitcoin cash price resistancethis past week, there was a recovery initiated bitcoin cash price from the $1500 swing low against the us dollar. the price moved higher and was able to trade above the $1700 and $1800 resistance levels. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $2960 high to $1340 low., title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd facing uphill task, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Recovers Above $1600, bleu=0.1934
summarize:tron price key highlightstron broke out of a consolidation pattern previously highlighted to reflect a return in bullish momentum. price could move up to the fibonacci extension levels next, especially with catalysts underway. technical indicators, however, have yet to catch up to reflecting bullish pressure. tron broke higher from its short-term consolidation to confirm that bulls are back in play, taking it up to the next upside targets. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma has just crossed below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that there’s still a chance for the selloff to resume from here. however, the gap is still pretty narrow so a new upward crossover might still be in the works. rsi is heading up to show that buyers have the upper hand but is also in the overbought zone to signal exhaustion. turning back, title=tron (trx) price watch: bullish run ready to resume, upside targets, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0255
summarize:we saw the importance of bitcoin in the course of this week. it is up 17 percent in the last 7 days and the effect on altcoins is profound. leading this surge is eos which is up 48% and likely to displace litecoin in the top 5 spot. in my view, and this is important, most altcoins will continue to add in the coming week and i shall focus primarily on litecoin and stellar lumens which are lagging. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens chart by trading viewregardless of the slow down, stellar lumens is still up 6 percent in the last 24 hours and 26.30 percent for the week. that is quite impressive from a technical point of view and considering the recent depreciation of cryptocurrencies in general, title=“litecoin and stellar are under valued” neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 14, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Ripple, Ether: Technical Analysis – XLM/USD Still Up, bleu=0.0259
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price surged higher and traded close to the $7,800 resistance against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $7,540 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must stay above the $7,500 support area to stay in a positive zone in the near term. bitcoin price made a nice upside move above $7,700 against the us dollar. btc/usd is currently correcting lower towards a major support at $7,500. bitcoin price analysisthe past few sessions were positive as bitcoin price settled above the $7,500 barrier against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded above the $7,550 and $7,600 resistance levels. it traded close to the $7,800 level and posted a high at $7,779. later, the price started, title=bitcoin price watch: can btc/usd hold this support?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Positive, bleu=0.1279
summarize:undoubtedly, the crypto market is fighting from an on-slaughter. bears are baying for blood! despite their may 15 hard fork, bitcoin cash isn’t finding any reprieve and so far it is down 20 percent week over week. in the last 24 hours alone, price erosion exceeds 15 percent. it might be a correction yes, but at the moment it a beautiful picasso showing how bitcoin cash sellers are marauding, staking any attempts of bull pressure. from the newsroger ver, the crypto evangelist many bitcoin core supporters love to hate won’t stop pitching his beloved coin. he still insists that it’s a better currency and therefore a better store of value that bitcoin core. now, if you have been tracking this guy for sometimes then you will realize that this is the umpteenth time he his saying so, title=(despite the upcoming hard fork and historic block size increase, bitcoin cash slide continues) bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis: may 12, 2018, summary=Bitcoin Cash (BCH) Technical Analysis – Can Bitcoin Core Hold Its Price?, bleu=0.0123
summarize:key highlightsripple price is moving higher once again and is currently above the $2.00 handle against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line forming with support at $2.1000 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair might continue to move higher and it could even break the $2.40 resistance in the near term. ripple price is moving nicely higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is gaining pace towards $2.40 and it may soon break it. ripple price trendthere was a slow and steady rise in ripple price from the $1.9000 swing low against the us dollar. the price was able to move back above the $2.00 hurdle and is currently placed nicely in the bullish zone. there was also a break above the 61.8% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $2., title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd to break $2.40?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $2.40, bleu=0.0741
summarize:despite moving up one spot, iota and the general altcoins market is sluggish. in fact, most coins are shedding and retracing. in my view, waiting until proper signals prints in neo, litecoin, stellar lumens, eos and iota is prudent as our altcoins technical analysis shows. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens 4hr chart by trading vieweven though stellar lumens is generally up, the coin is giving back some of its earlier gains. in the last 24 hours alone, the coin is down 3.75 percent and technically, we expect further declines. in our entry chart for example, there is a small bearish divergence pattern and with bearish stochastics turning from, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 17, 2018, summary=iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS Technical Analysis: XLM/USD Upsides, bleu=0.0368
summarize:key highlightseth price is struggling to correct higher and is currently trading below $540 against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $530 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is holding a major support zone at $508-513, which holds the key in the near term. ethereum price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains at a risk of more losses below the $508 level if it fails to move above $530. ethereum price upside hurdlethere was no major upside recovery above $540 in eth price against the us dollar. the price declined and moved below the $530 and $525 support levels. it is now trading well below the $540 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the downside pressure was such that the price formed many bear, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd hold this?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $530, bleu=0.075
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has broken below that near-term area of interest and is setting its sights on the next support zone. price could fall to the very bottom of its range visible on longer-term charts, where buyers may be waiting. technical indicators reflect weakening bullish momentum and a return in selling pressure. bitcoin price broke below the resistance turned support zone at $6,300 and is on track towards testing the next floor. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma crossed below the longer-term 200 sma to hint that the path of least resistance is now to the downside. this basically means that the drop is more likely to continue than to reverse. a pullback, which appears to be happening at the moment, could hit resistance at these dynamic inflection points. rsi is still on the move up to show that there’s some buying pressure left, but the oscillator is also closing, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: next potential support zone, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS, BTC, IOTA, S&P 500, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is showing bullish signs above the $8,600 pivot level against the us dollar. this week’s ascending channel with current support at $8,480 is intact on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is now trading nicely above the $8,500 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin price is following a bullish path above $8,600 against the us dollar. btc/usd has to move above $9,000 to accelerate gains in the near term. bitcoin price analysisthere was a slow and steady rise in bitcoin price above the $8,500 resistance against the us dollar. the price traded higher and even broke the $8,600 resistance level to settle above the 100 hourly simple moving average. the upside move was positive, as the price traded close to the $8,900 resistance level. a high was formed at $8, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd primed for gains, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Should Break $8,600, bleu=0.1261
summarize:there is a wave sweeping through the market, a rejuvenation tide and bitcoin cash (bch) is rising with it. on a weekly basis, it’s up 22 percent and trading above $850, our buy trigger with bitcoin cash bulls aiming for $1300 in the short term if not $1800. on the development front, bitmain’s smart contract proposal will make bch blockchain superior and boost prices in the long term. from the newsas a successful bitcoin core fork, the development of bitcoin cash often draws a lot of attention. it even gets better when a company behind one of bitcoin cash largest mining pools, bitmain lays out their proposals. the reasons behind their idea is pretty straight forward and besides offering a means of cash payment and cross border fund transfer, users want some sorts of smart contract capability on top of bitcoin cash. there is colored coins, a concept that allows, title=bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis: bch smart contracts proposal pumping bulls, summary=Bitmain’s Smart Contract Proposal Will Make Bitcoin Cash More Valuable, bleu=0.0
summarize:we’re quickly closing in on the end of the european session in the bitcoin price and it’s about time to put together our second price watch analysis of the day. this morning, we had one wish – that price would find its footing in and around the levels at which it opened the session and that, in turn, we’d be able to use these levels to try and build into a sustainable upside position. unfortunately, we didn’t get what we were looking for. price hasn’t been able to gain any real traction during the session and, almost immediately subsequent to our primary analysis, things started to dip. we’re currently looking at what could be a relatively flat evening session (which equates to the us afternoon session for our north american readers) and, if this is the case, intrarange trading might be the order of the day. we can’t say that for certain of course, but, title=bitcoin price watch; tonight’s key levels, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: Can Intrarange Trading Be the Order of the Day?, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price could pause from its drop as a double bottom formation can be seen on the 1-hour chart. price has quite a way to go before testing the neckline at $8,800. an upside break could lead to an uptrend of the same height as the double bottom formation. bitcoin price formed a double bottom pattern on its 1-hour time frame and needs to break past the neckline to confirm the climb. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the downtrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. in addition, the 200 sma lines up with the pattern’s neckline to add to its strength as a ceiling. if it holds, another bottom could be formed. rsi is on the move up to indicate that buyers have, title=bitcoin price watch: eyes on this classic reversal pattern, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Zcash: Upside Break, bleu=0.0173
summarize:eth/usdethereum markets rallied significantly over the last couple of weeks, but monday was rather quiet. it looks as if the $1300 level is offering a bit of support, just as the uptrend line just below pricing is. i think that it’s only a matter of time before we reach towards the $1400 level. if we break down below the uptrend line, the market sends this market down to the $1100 level. eth/btcethereum has rolled over against bitcoin during the session on monday, but quite frankly i think there’s plenty of support underneath. the 0.08 level underneath should be a bit of a "floor” in the market, and therefore any pullback to that area should offer value the traders are willing to take advantage of. if we break down below the 0.08 level, the market probably goes much lower from there. thanks for, title=ethereum analysis january 16, 2018, summary=eth/btcethereum Market Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Looking for Support, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price is moving higher and it recently broke the $1300 level against the us dollar. there was a break above a major contracting triangle pattern with resistance at $1260 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair might continue to move higher, and it could even test the $1400 level in the near term. ethereum price is surging higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now above $1300 and is eyeing a break toward the $1400 level. ethereum price upside movethere were continuing gains in eth price as it managed to move back above the $1200 level against the us dollar. the price after a correction started a new upside wave and traded above the last high of $1222.46. the upside move was strong as the price was able to move above the $1300 level as well, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd eyes $1400, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $1400, bleu=0.1585
summarize:there is a supremacy "war” going on between btc and bitcoin cash but the common thing is that both are bleeding. at current prices, $600 is but some ticks away and that means caution since there have been reaction at this level when we point out bitcoin cash daily price chart. today, i propose staying neutral with the usual bearish skew. that’s unless there is a spike breaking above $850, our immediate resistance line which also doubles up as a bull trigger line. from the newsso, just like big banks-whose failure can cause an economic meltdown-are subject to stress tests, bitpico plans to unleash their attack nodes. their overall objectives are simple: stress test roger ver’s bitcoin cash network. bitpico are a group of developers who are clearly-pro bitcoin (btc) and with their planned attack, they are ready to show the, title=bitpico ready to launch a 51% attack on bitcoin cash: bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis (june 28, 2018), summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – btc, bitcoin cash, Bitpico to Attack, bleu=0.0308
summarize:key highlightseth price extended declines and broke the $440 and $426 support levels against the us dollar. there are two key bearish trend lines formed with resistance at $429 and $442 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is in a major downtrend and it remains at a risk of more declines below $410 in the near term. ethereum price declining sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd extended losses below $430 and it may even test the $400 level. ethereum price resistanceyesterday, we discussed that eth price turned bearish below $468 against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair extended declines below the $465 level and tumbled by more than $40. it even broke the $440 and $426 support levels to move into a bearish zone. the recent, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd tumbles below $430, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $400, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price made a nice upside move and traded above $25.00 against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $27.40 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via simplefx). the pair may correct below the $27.40 level, but the broken resistance at $25.00 is a major support. ethereum classic price has moved into the bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is likely to extend gains above $29.00 after completing a short-term correction. ethereum classic price upside movethere was a major upside move in etc price recently as it moved above the $22.00 level support against the us dollar. the upside move was strong as the price was able to move above the $25.00 resistance. it settled above the $26.00 level and is currently well above the 100 hour, title=eth classic price technical analysis – etc/usd breaks key resistance, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $29.00, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price gained momentum and settled above $7,200 against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line forming with support at $7,000 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to make the next move either above $7,600 or below $7,240 in the near term. bitcoin price is placed nicely in an uptrend above $7,000 against the us dollar. btc/usd is eyeing the next break either above $7,600 or below $7,240. bitcoin price range patternthis past week, there was a major upside move above the $6,800 resistance in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair jumped above the $7,000 and $7,200 resistance levels to gain traction. it even spiked above the $7,500 resistance and traded as high as $7,67, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: btc/usd’s next target $8,500, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Eyeing Next Break, bleu=0.0684
summarize:key highlightseth price was able to move higher recently and it traded above the $850 resistance against the us dollar. there are two key bullish trend lines forming with support at $840 and $790 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently correcting lower, but it remains supported above the $840 level. ethereum price gained solid bullish momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now eyeing further gains above the $860 level. ethereum price supportyesterday, we saw a solid upside move in eth price above the $850 level against the us dollar. the price traded to a new all-time high at $879.51 before it started a downside correction. an initial support on the downside is around the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd bullish above $840, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Looking for Further Gains, bleu=0.1261
summarize:fomo momentsweekends are usually pretty flat in crypto land but this one has been rather bullish with gains all round. market capitalization has grown for the third day in a row and is creeping back towards $350 billion. technical indicators for bitcoin are bullish and it has gained 1.6% on the day trading at $7,630. ethereum has also made solid gains of 2.5% over the past 24 hours and is just below $600. altcoins have been boosted by the momentum and most are trading in the green in asia this sunday morning. one streaking off ahead of the pack at the moment is eos. according to coinmarketcap eos is the best performing altcoin in the top 100 at the moment with a huge increase of 16% on the day. currently trading at $14.50 eos is up from $12.48 this time yesterday. over the, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: eos adds $2 billion to market cap, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis for Sunday, bleu=0.0229
summarize:nothing can be a better lift for a cryptocurrency than news that a major exchange will be listing it or expanding trading options. exchanges do not come much bigger than binance so the announcement posted on the company website an hour or so ago has given cardano a long needed lift this morning. cardano is already listed on binance but tradable only in btc or eth. today the hong kong based exchange announced that it would be offering ada/bnb and ada/usdt trading pairs. bnb is binance’s own coin and usdt is tether which is pegged to the us dollar. this gives traders greater flexibility for buying and selling ada. it is good news for any altcoin which needs to uncouple itself from bitcoin, which is pretty much all of them.#binance, title=cardano climbs higher as binance expands ada listings, summary=Binance Announces Ada/Bnb and Usdt Trading Pairs, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is in a bearish zone and is struggling to hold the $15 level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $16.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is under a lot of pressure and it could even break the $15.00 support level in the near term. ethereum classic price is in a downtrend against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd remains at a risk of more losses as long as it is below $16.50. ethereum classic price resistancethere was a major downside move initiated in etc price from well above $19.00 against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair declined and broke the $18.00 and $16.50 support levels. it traded close to the $15.00 level and formed a low at $14.99. later, an, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – can etc/usd hold $15?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $15.00, bleu=0.0376
summarize:the selloff continues as the week ends in crypto land. asians are leading the way and dropping their digital currencies for the third day in a row. bitcoin has lost 8% on the day and has dropped back to just over $10k, altcoins as usual have been hit harder and are all in the red during this morning’s asian trading session. we have to go a long way out of the top 25 to find one that is actually up on the day. the only one in the top slot that is even in the green is nano which we featured yesterday. still trading higher on news of the app release, nano is up 3.8% on the day – every other altcoin has fallen. the next cryptocurrency that is up is digixdao, the gold based crypto that seems to do well when all others are falling. dgd is up 4.2% on the day, trading at $318 at the time, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is digixdao, summary=Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, NEO, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0165
summarize:tron price key highlightstron continues to trend lower and has dipped back to the descending channel support on the 4-hour chart. a bounce could take it up to the fibonacci retracement levels before the drop resumes. moving averages suggest further declines while oscillators signal a potential rally. tron could be in for a pullback to the fib levels near the descending channel top while oscillators climb higher. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to persist from there. the gap between the moving averages is also widening to reflect stronger selling pressure. the 61.8% retracement level is closest to the channel top at 0.0511 and the 38.2% retracement level is at the mid-, title=tron (trx) price watch: updated potential correction levels, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – 61.8% Retracement Level Closed, bleu=0.038
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price bounced back sharply from the $825 support area against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line with resistance at $840 was breached on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently trading just below the $900-910 resistance, and it may soon break it. bitcoin cash price is showing positive signs above $850 against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to continue higher above the $900-910 resistance. bitcoin cash price trendthere was a test of an important support at $825 by bitcoin cash price recently against the us dollar. the price found a strong buying interest and started an upside move above the $850 level. there was a break above the 50% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $908 high to $825 low. it opened the doors for, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd may overtake $900, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $850, bleu=0.0367
summarize:even if prices are fair off from seven days ago, still bears are in charge. the daily chart specifically displays a ball park five percent drop over a 24 hours span in coins as tron, iota and eos. though we remain bearish, any high volume break above $65 might trigger the next wave of buy pressure in litecoin while a close below $50 would definitely signal trend resumption and in that case targets at $30 would be ideal. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading view needless to say, eos prices are in a downtrend as the weekly chart shows. there statistics indicate that eos prices are down 20 percent week over week. unless otherwise, we shall maintain a bearish stand as we wait for prices to print nice higher highs before loading shorts in, title=stellar lumens, eos, litecoin, tron, iota technical analysis: eos, litecoin and iota at definitive supports, summary=Litecoin Technical Analysis – eos, tron, Iota, Stellar Lumens and Tron, bleu=0.0844
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to move above the $1,300 level and started a downside move against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,220 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair is currently heading towards the $1,050 support area and it remains at a risk of more declines. bitcoin cash price faced a lot of sellers against the us dollar. bch/usd is back in a bearish zone and it could soon retest the $1,000 level. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a decent recovery in bitcoin cash price above the $1,200 level against the us dollar. however, the price struggled to move above the $1,300 level and started a downside move. it seems like the price completed a correction near $1,300 and it is back in a bearish, title=bitcoin cash technical analysis – bch/usd is back to square one, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Retest $1,000, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined from the $0.5600 swing high with bearish moves against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line in place with resistance near $0.5300 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may perhaps decline further and it could break the $0.5200 support for more losses in the near term. ripple price is trading with a negative bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could extend declines if there is a break below the $0.5200 support. ripple price supportthere was a recovery wave initiated in ripple price above the $0.5200 level against the us dollar. the price moved above the $0.5400 and $0.5500 resistance levels. however, the upside move was capped by the $0.5650 zone where sellers appeared. a high was formed at $0.5681 before the price started, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd sights downside break, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5200, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price formed a low near the $735 level and recovered against the us dollar. this week’s followed important bearish trend line with resistance at $800 is intact on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps move further higher, but it is likely to struggle above $780-800 in the near term. bitcoin cash price is slowly recovering above $750 against the us dollar. bch/usd could face a strong resistance above the $780 level at $800. bitcoin cash price resistanceyesterday, there was a sharp downside move below the $760 support in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair even traded below the $750 level and settled below the 100 hourly simple moving average. it traded as low as $735 and later started an upside correction. the price moved above the 23., title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd facing uphill task, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Struggle Above $780, bleu=0.1057
summarize:we are seeing a change of fortune as far as price action and altcoins is concerned. ltc, lumens and dash are on the fore front printing clear bull patterns that awaits confirmations today. besides these three, we remain neutral on eos unless we see a close above $9.5 while neo is also encouraging as scalpers can enter this trade and aim at $130 in the short term. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd daily chart for february 24, 2018as per our projection, all we needed was a double bar bull pattern anywhere around last week’s lows at around $0.34. that’s what we have now and as it is, i will be looking for that resumption of bull pressure as this is not only happening at support of the ascending wedge, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, dash and lumens (xlm), summary=ltc, lumens, Dash, Litecoin, EOS: Technical Analysis – XLM/USD, NEO, S&P 500, bleu=0.0433
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined sharply and broke the $0.65 and $0.62 support levels against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $0.66 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may decline further if it fails to hold the $0.55 support area in the near term. ripple price crashed and broke many supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could accelerate declines if buyers fail to defend $0.55. ripple price declineduring the past few hours, there was a sharp downside move from well above $0.68 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price broke down and cleared many supports on the way down such as $0.6500 and $0.6200. there was also a break below the $0.6000 handle, which opened the doors for more losses. the current price action is very bear, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd could revisit $0.50, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.55, bleu=0.0403
summarize:after correcting the final streak of losses earlier this week, ethereum consolidates between key pivot levels for the third day in a row. this comes as ethereum’s rival, dfinity, raises $61 million for its product. what could be next for ethereum? here’s a quick overview. ethereum consolidates below daily ichimoku cloudafter reaching the all-time-high level at around $1,400 in mid-january, eth/usd gradually made its way back down to the december support level of $678. this level also falls on the 61% fibonacci retracement. it is currently consolidating between $678 and the 50% fibonacci level of $823. the hard resistance is the daily ichimoku cloud. these are the exact same levels where ethereum consolidated for two weeks back in, title=ethereum consolidates below daily ichimoku cloud, summary=Ethereum Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Below $678, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price extended declines and traded below the $828 support level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $818 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently correcting higher, but it is likely to face sellers near the $815 and $818 levels. ethereum price is under renewed selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is likely to remain in a bearish zone as it turned sell on rallies. ethereum price declinethere was no major upside move above $830 in eth price against the us dollar. on the contrary, there was an increase in selling pressure and the price moved below a major support at $828. it ignited further losses and the price even moved below the $810 level. at the moment, the price is trading well below, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd sell on rallies, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Remain Bullish, bleu=0.1395
summarize:to quantify, ada is down eight percent and this means sellers have since reversed all of april gains. at current prices, bears are one cent away from 12 cents, a key support line marking the last three months support. from the newsit’s no doubt that blockchain is here to stay and it’s because of this sole reason that many think platforms using blockchain advantages will follow suit and be here through time immemorial. some proponents like charles hoskinson, whom we all know as the original member of ethereum but left due to disagreement rooting from how ethereum’s structure was being arranged-are upbeat despite media flooding the sphere with unnecessary fuds. yes, there is room for future growth and with cardano being at the early age of blockchain development, there is room for growth. it’s the specific stage that makes the, title=charles hoskinson: blockchain and cardano will outlive media fuds: cardano (ada) technical analysis, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEO, S&P 500, bleu=0.0173
summarize:key highlightseth price is currently correcting higher and it is trading near the $600 level against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line forming with resistance at $620 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to move above the $620 and $635 resistances to gain upside momentum in the near term. ethereum price remains in a bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could recover, but it may struggle to break the $635 resistance. ethereum price resistanceafter a crucial decline yesterday, there was a correction initiated from the $570 swing low in eth price against the us dollar. the price started an upside correction and moved above the $600 level. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last downside move from the $7, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd consolidating losses, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $635, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightsethereum fell through today’s $590.1 support level against the u. s dollar this morning, following monday’s 18.68% fall to a closing $697.95. a major bearish trend continues with the next major support level for eth/usd sitting at $511.33. at the time of writing, eth/usd is sitting close to its intraday low $555.56 at $568.82, with further declines through the day likely. ethereum price supportfollowing a closing $697.95 on monday, 5th february, it’s been downhill all the way for eth/usd, with today’s first support level of $590.1 falling away as sentiment towards the cryptomarket continued to deteriorate in the early part of the day, with eth/usd hitting a swing low $555, title=eth tech analysis – is a floor in sight for eth/usd?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Closes Below $511, bleu=0.1147
summarize:fortunately the decline did not last long and markets have stabilized somewhat as we enter the weekend. most cryptocurrencies are in the green during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin is showing gains of 5.5% on the day and is approaching $9,000 once again. altcoins are also mostly up and one that is leading the rally this morning is binance coin. coinmarketcap reports that bnb is trading 26% higher on the day. binance’s own cryptocurrency is currently valued at $12.16, up from $9.58 this time yesterday. bnb has had a very good week rising over 35% from $9 this time seven days ago despite the fracas with japanese regulators. the monthly picture is also positive showing similar gains, the highest this altcoin reached was $24.60 during the january buying spree. in terms of bitcoin bnb is up, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is binance coin, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Bnb, Binance, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0191
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined toward the $900 support recently against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line forming with resistance at $990 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher, but it is likely to find sellers near $990-$1,000. bitcoin cash price declined heavily below $1,000 against the us dollar. bch/usd might correct a few points toward the previous support levels in the near term. bitcoin cash price trendthere was a sharp downside move from the $1,200 resistance in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price declined and broke many supports such as $1,100 and $1,050. more importantly, there was a break and close below the $1,000 level. it traded close to the $900 support level where buyers emerged. a low was formed near $895 and the price started, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd upsides remain capped, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Correct Below $1,000, bleu=0.0284
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price tumbled and broke the $12.50 and $11.20 support levels against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $11.30 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is slowly correcting higher towards the $11.00 and $11.30 resistance levels. ethereum classic price made a sharp u-turn against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd broke the $12.50 support and is currently at risk of clearing $10.00. ethereum classic price supportit seems like etc price was rejected from well above the $14.00 level against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded and consolidated above the $12.50 support for some time. however, sellers had the upper hand as they succeeded in clearing the $12.50 support. the price declined sharply below the $12.00, title=ethereum classic price analysis: can etc/usd hold the $10.00 support?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Breaking $10.00, bleu=0.0584
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price was previously trading below a descending trend line to indicate that a reversal is in order. price has also broken past the first dynamic inflection point at the 100 sma and is closing in on the 200 sma next. a move past this level could draw more buyers in and allow the reversal to gain traction. bitcoin price has broken past a short-term trend resistance level to signal that buyers are trying to regain the upper hand. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance might be to the downside. in other words, there’s still a chance for the selloff to reverse and for the breakout to be a fake one. in that case, price could revisit the previous lows around $7200 or fall to new ones., title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/19/2018 – early bullish signals, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Reversal Be in Order?, bleu=0.0287
summarize:key highlightseth price is gaining upside momentum and it broke the $900 resistance against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted crucial bullish trend line with current support at $860 is intact on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is likely to move further higher and it could test the $950 level in the near term. ethereum price is surging higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now above $900 and it looks set for more gains in the short term. ethereum price trendthere was a fresh upside wave initiated in eth price from $820 swing low against the us dollar. the price traded higher and succeeded in moving above the $860 and $880 resistance levels. more importantly, there was a break above the $897-900 resistance zone. it has opened the doors for more gains above the $900 level., title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd breaks $900, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Test $950, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightseth price declined further and traded as low as $806 against the us dollar before starting a recovery. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $850 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently correcting higher, but it is facing many resistances such as $850 and $875. ethereum price fell sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently recovering, but it won’t be easy for the pair to gain upside momentum. ethereum price recoverythere was a minor recovery initiated yesterday from the $850 swing low in eth price against the us dollar. the price traded higher, but it could recover above the $880-900 resistance zone. it resulted in a downside move and the price traded below $850. it declined by more than $40 and traded close, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd recover further?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.076
summarize:key highlightsada price started a nice upside move from the $0.1400 level and moved above $0.1500 against the us dollar (tethered). there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $0.1550 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may correct a few points, but it remains supported above the $0.1520 level in the near term. cardano price moved in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is now well above $0.1500 and it may continue to grind higher. cardano price trendafter a substantial decline, ada price found support around the $0.1400 level against the us dollar. the price formed a solid base at $0.1400 and started an upside move. there was a break above the $0.1450 resistance and the 100, title=cardano price technical analysis – ada/usd’s upside drift, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Supported, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price after a decent upside move faced sellers near $47-48 against the us dollar. there is a declining channel forming with resistance at $40.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to move down and it could test the $34.00 or even $32.00 support area. ethereum classic price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may correct further towards the $32.00 level in the near term. ethereum classic price resistanceafter a major upside move above the $45.00 level, etc price faced offers against the us dollar. the price traded as high as $47.29 and later started a downside move. it traded below a few key support levels such as $45.00 and $40.00. there was a break below the $38.00 pivot and the price settled below the 100 hour, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd declines below $40, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Under Pressure, bleu=0.0371
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price declined from the $13.50 swing high and broke $13.00 against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $12.60 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair spiked below the $12.00 support and formed a low at $11.89 before finding support. ethereum classic price fell below important supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd found support below $12.00 and it is currently consolidating losses. ethereum classic price supportthere was a rejection above the $13.40 level in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair declined sharply and broke the $13.00 and $12.80 support levels. the decline was such that the price broke the $12.50 support and settled below the 100 hourly simple moving average. moreover, there was, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd remains supported near $11.80, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Breaking Support, bleu=0.0312
summarize:fomo momentsanother week begins in crypto land and the asian markets are bubbling away nicely. most altcoins are in the green, albeit marginally, although bitcoin hasn’t really moved over the past 24 hours and is still floating around $11,500. total market capacity has reached a weekly high this morning of $465 billion and one altcoin is leading the pack once again. ripple’s xrp is showing the greatest gains during the asian trading session. coinmarketcap reports that ripple is trading 10% higher on the day. since its almighty spike at the beginning of the year xrp has been largely trending downwards and has gone back below a dollar several times, the lowest point being $0.60 on february 6. today it is back over a dollar again trading up from $0.90 where it has been for the last couple of days. despite a growing, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is ripple, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0191
summarize:safe from stagnation at key resistance levels, most alt coins are inching higher. from price action, dash recovery looks to be on course as buyers push prices higher. this was likely to happen. relative to other coins, dash bore the wrath of sellers after that serious dip to as low as $600. despite the rosy view, we cannot rule out possibilities of alt coin sellers angling for better entries with every higher high. this is why we should especially watch out and wait for reactions at $210 for ltc and $3 for iota. any break above and buyers might have a field day. nem is back at $1.14 as buyers wait for a confirmation above $1.50xemusd 4hr chart for january 19, 2018as a typical break out, nem prices are back towards $1.14, a reprieve for buyers? yes, title=is dash recovery on-course or sellers are angling for entries?, summary=Dash Price Technical Analysis for january 19, 2018, bleu=0.0382
summarize:key highlightsripple price is gaining momentum and is currently trading above the $1.0500 support against the us dollar. there is an ascending channel forming with support at $1.0000 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair may continue to rise in the short term towards the $1.12 and $1.15 levels. ripple price is slowly gaining upside momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could continue to rise and it may even test the $1.15 level. ripple price upside movethere are decent bullish signs above $0.9500 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price started a slow and steady rise from the $0.9190 low and moved above the $0.9500 and $1.0000 resistance. it was successful in breaking the 50% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1.1755 high to $0.83, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd grinding higher, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Test $1.15, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price corrected lower recently and found support near the $7,250 level against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line forming with support at $7,400 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair looks set for more gains in the near term if it succeeds in breaking the $7,640 resistance. bitcoin price is moving nicely above $7,400 against the us dollar. btc/usd must clear the $7,600 and $7,640 resistances for an upside acceleration. bitcoin price analysisafter trading above the $7,500 level, bitcoin price faced sellers near the $7,550 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair started a downside correction and traded below the $7,400 and $7,350 levels. it also declined below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd primed for gains, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $7,400, bleu=0.1261
summarize:of all the coins under our review, eos, litecoin and tron are technically stable and moving within a tight trade range. eos for example is yet to add to last week’s gains but is confined within july 20 high lows. now, despite our bullish stand on stellar, prices are stalling and once we see gains above 30 cents, our trade plan would be active. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewit’s cool that novogratz think that eos will in the coming days process more than 50,000 tps per second. after all, it’s what many investors are excited about this scalable, smart contracting blockchain platform that is specifically designed to handle enterprise grade dapps. the tricky question now is when and how the cost of doing business, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: is tron’s “secret project” a tron-alibaba partnership?, summary=eos Technical Analysis: Litecoin, tron, Stellar Lumens, Tron, IOTA, EOS, NEO, Poloniex – What’s Next?, bleu=0.0748
summarize:key highlightseth price is trading inside a range above the $775 support level against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with current resistance at $830 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair may soon make the next move and it could break $830-840 to trade further higher. ethereum price is preparing for more gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could slowly move higher and trade past the $830-840 resistance in the near term. ethereum price sights next breakyesterday, we saw a nice upside move in eth price above the $700 level against the us dollar. the price traded above the $800 level and formed a high near $846. later, a minor downside wave started and the price moved below the $800 level. there was also a, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd eyeing upside break?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $830, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price traded higher and tested an important resistance area near $455 against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at $438 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may correct lower, but it is likely to find support near $435-438 in the short term. ethereum price is moving in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains in a bullish zone as long as it is above the $435 level. ethereum price supportthere was a decent upside move from the $429 swing low in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded higher and broke the $435 and $440 resistance levels to move into a bullish zone. the upside move was such that the price tested an important resistance area near $455., title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd break $455?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $435, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to recover and extended its decline towards the $0.50 level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance near $0.5300 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair must break the $0.53 resistance and move higher to avoid more losses in the near term. ripple price was not able to recover yesterday against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd crashed and almost tested the $0.50 support zone. ripple price upside hurdlethere was no major upside move above the $0.5600 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price failed to recover and faced sellers around $0.5600. as a result, there was a downside move and the price traded below the $0.5500 and $0.5200 support levels. it almost traded close to the $0.5000 level and formed a low around the $0.50, title=ripple price analysis: can xrp/usd break $0.50?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.50, bleu=0.075
summarize:apart from tron, most coins didn’t register impressive gains as may 20 price action. nonetheless, we still expect market participants to bid up the likes of tron, iota, and eos and to some degree, stellar lumens which has been characteristically low key. i would also recommend keeping an eye on litecoin today. we expect price moving events for eos and tron in the next few days so i buying on dips would be a safe trading tragedy in my view. let’s have a look at these charts:eos analysiseos daily chart by trading viewundoubtedly, eos is an exceptional product that promises to change discourse of dapps development and narrative. we can rave about it but let’s understand that while they pride on decentralization, they need expertise from knowledgeable developers to sharpen their technological edge. that, title=john mcafee: “expect top 10 coin prices to blow through the roof! institutional investors are aching to go”: tron, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar price analysis (may 22, 2018), summary=eos, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens and iota Price Analysis – XRP, IOTA, EOS, NEO, Poloniex: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0243
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to remain above the $760 support and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $748 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently holding the $720 support, but it may struggle to gain upside momentum. bitcoin cash price declined below $760 against the us dollar. bch/usd must stay above the $720 support to avoid more declines in the near term. bitcoin cash price declinethere were a couple of rejections noted around the $760-770 zone in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair started a downside move and declined below the $750 support. there was even a close below the $750 pivot level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. these are negative signs and suggests that the price is, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd struggling below $760, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Above $720, bleu=0.1236
summarize:btc/usdbitcoin rolled over during the monday session as traders came back to work, slicing below the $11,000 level. it looks as if we are starting to see more selling, but the $10,000 level course could offer a bit of support. we are starting to see government crackdowns on digital currencies, and that of course is having a negative effect on the market. at this point, it looks as if the downward pressure is going to continue. the $12,000 level above should be resistance. btc/jpybitcoin also fell against the japanese yen, breaking below the 1.25 million level. it looks now as if we are going to head towards the lows again, so selling is about the only thing you can do. it’s not until we break above the 1.5 million level that we could be comfortable going long., title=bitcoin analysis january 23, 2018, summary=btc/jpybitcoin Technical Analysis – Yen, BTC/USD, XRP, Poloniex, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0215
summarize:key highlightsada price declined below the $0.1240 support and tested the $0.1150 level against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $0.1288 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may correct a few points, but it could face selling interest near the $0.1220 and $0.1240 levels. cardano price extended declines against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is now well below $0.1240 and it may well accelerate losses towards $0.1000. cardano price analysisthere was a minor recovery above $0.1300 recently in cardano price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair traded above the $0.3200 level, but it failed to clear the $0.1350 resistance. as a result, there was, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd could decline to $0.10, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Testing $0.1150, bleu=0.1369
summarize:dash/usddash traders rolled over a bit during the trading session on friday, as $800 continues to offer significant resistance. the only volume that we had seen over the last couple of days was negative, so that suggests that the market is going to go lower. i believe that the market will continue to struggle, but we may get the occasional rally. i suspect that the $600 level below is the target, but it’s going to be choppy down to that range. ltc/usdlitecoin markets fell a bit as well, as the $180 level has been too much resistance. i believe that the market will eventually go looking towards the $150 handle, but if we were to break above $200, that would be a buying opportunity. the downtrend looks to be ensconced in the markets, and i don’t think that we have much in the way, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 29, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis for Today, bleu=0.0263
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is slowly declining and is currently well below $830 against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line is intact with resistance near $825 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must clear the $825-830 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average to gain pace. bitcoin cash price is currently bearish below $830 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to surpass the 100 hourly sma to move into a bullish zone. bitcoin cash price upside hurdleduring the past three sessions, there was a steady decline from the $840 resistance in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair settled below the $830 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a bearish sign. recently, the pair even broke the $800 support and, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: can bch/usd break above 100 sma?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1062
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price corrected lower and tested the $740 support area against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line in place with support at $750 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must break the $800 and $820 resistance levels to gain bullish momentum in the near term. bitcoin cash price is placed in a bullish zone above $740 against the us dollar. bch/usd must settle above $820 to accelerate gains towards $880 and $900. bitcoin cash price supportthis past week, there was a decent upside move above the $850 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair traded towards the $900 level and a high was formed near $890. later, the price corrected sharply lower and traded below the $850 support. there was even a break, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd bullish above $820, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0312
summarize:key highlightsada price declined recently and traded near a key support at $0.1600 against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major bearish trend line in place with resistance at $0.1720 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair remains at a risk of more declines below the $0.1600 support in the near term. cardano price declined recently against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must stay above the $0.1600 support to avoid an extended decline to $0.1500. cardano price analysisthere were a couple of attempts by cardano price to clear the $0.1780-0.1800 resistance against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair failed to gain traction and formed swing highs near $0.1800, $0.1780 and $0.1750. it moved down and broke, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd at risk of more declines below $0.16, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.1500, bleu=0.1055
summarize:key highlightseth price surged sharply and cleared the $480 resistance level against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line forming with support at $440 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair remains in an uptrend and it is likely to move above $495-500 for more gains in the near term. ethereum price is rising sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now well above the $440 pivot level and eyes upsides above $500. ethereum price uptrendyesterday, we saw a decent start of an upside move above $425 in eth price against the us dollar. the price gained upside momentum and it succeeded in breaking a crucial pivot level at $440. it cleared the way for more gains and the price rocketed above the $480 level. it even pier, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd back in uptrend, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $500, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started a downside correction from $1,200 and declined below $1,100 against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $1,140 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to stay above the $1,070 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average to avoid more losses. bitcoin cash price trimmed most of its gains against the us dollar. bch/usd is now below $1,140 and is struggling to hold the 100 hourly sma. bitcoin cash price supportafter trading above the $1,200 level, bitcoin cash price faced sellers against the us dollar. the price formed a top at $1,209 and started a downside move. it broke a few important support near the $1,180 and $1,140 levels. moreover, there was, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: can bch/usd hold 100 sma?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0312
summarize:key highlightsripple price is currently correcting higher, but it is facing a significant hurdle near $0.4900 against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance around the $0.4900 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair has to move above the trend line resistance and $0.5000 to continue moving higher. ripple price struggle to recover higher continues against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may decline once again if it fails to move past the $0.5000 resistance. ripple price upside hurdlethere were further declines in ripple price from well above the $0.6000 level against the us dollar. the price declined and broke the $0.5500 and $0.5000 support levels. the downside move was strong and the price traded as low as $0.4496 recently. later, it found bids and started an upside move above the $0.4500 level, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd is facing significant resistance, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover Higher, bleu=0.0407
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to move above $0.9100 and declined sharply against the us dollar. there was a break below yesterday’s highlighted major bullish trend line with support at $0.8450 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may correct higher, but it will most likely face sellers near the $0.8280 level. ripple price made a downside move against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd moved into a short-term bearish zone with resistance near $0.8280 and $0.8400. ripple price resistancesyesterday, we discussed about a major resistance near $0.9000 and $0.9100 levels in ripple price against the us dollar. the price struggled to move settle above $0.9000, which resulted in a downside move. sellers pushed the price below the $0.8400 support area. during the decline, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd bearish break, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.0446
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price found support near $7,260 and bounced back above $7,400 against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair is currently attempting a close above a crucial bearish trend line with resistance at $7,650 on the hourly chart (data feed from kraken). a successful close above the trend line and $7,700 may perhaps open the doors for more gains. bitcoin price is showing positive signs above $7,400 against the us dollar. btc/usd must break the $7,650 and $7,700 resistance levels to recover further. bitcoin price analysisthere were further bearish moves below $7,500 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded close to the $7,200 support level before buyers appeared. a low was formed at $7,258 from where the price started an upside correction. buyers succeeded in pushing the price back above, title=bitcoin price watch: can btc/usd break this?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Recovers Above $7,400, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price is trading higher and it recently moved above the $1010 resistance against the us dollar. there was a break above a significant bearish trend line with resistance at $1006 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is gaining momentum and it could move above the $1160 level in the near term. ethereum price is moving higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is moving nicely in the bullish zone towards $1160 and $1200. ethereum price supportthere is a solid bullish wave pattern forming in eth price above the $900-910 support area against the us dollar. the price started a nice upside move and traded above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last major decline from the $1415 high to $753 low. it opened the doors for more gains and, title=ethereum price weekly analysis – eth/usd gaining momentum, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $1160, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightsripple price surged higher and broke a major hurdle at $0.7000 against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $0.6700 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower towards the $0.6800 and $0.6700 support levels. ripple price is gaining upside momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd remains buy on dips near the $0.6800 and $0.6700 support levels. ripple price supportsa solid support was formed near $0.6300 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and broke many hurdles on the way up such as $0.6500 and $0.6800. it even succeeded in clearing the $0.7000 barrier and traded as high as $0.7039. later, sellers appeared and the price started a downside correction below the $0., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd surges past $0.70, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Buy, bleu=0.1413
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets are performing well once again and have broken through the previous high from the last rally indicating a return to bullish sentiment. total market cap has exceeded the $350 billion level and buying pressure has been strong this morning in asia. bitcoin has led the charge trading upwards of $8,350 which marks a 2% gain on the day. altcoins have all been lifted by this momentum and are mostly in the green at the time of writing. one leading the way in the top 25 at the moment is ripple. coinmarketcap is reporting a 15% gain for xrp which puts it ahead of all other cryptocurrencies during the asian trading session. ripple’s digital coin is currently trading at $0.84 which is a steady gain from the $0.72 level it was at this time yesterday. over the week ripple has climbed 38% from $0.61 this time last friday. the monthly picture, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is ripple, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Ripple, bleu=0.058
summarize:the slide continues and even with twitter representatives visiting tron offices triggering rumors of potential partnerships, sellers continue to run havoc. so far, tron leads the collapse shedding six percent in the last day while iota is pretty much stable testing the main support line at 90 cents. in any case, we shall wait for better sell entries once there are breaches below key support lines. in other news, binance is planning on setting up a bank with malta’s founders bank and following the steps of litecoin. we are happy to welcome @binance among our first investors! join us in our mission and invest in founders bank during equity token offering on @neufundorg. sign up for newsletter and stay up to date: https://t.co/xl6nyaycxo https://t.co/61irvmrroq— founders bank (@, title=eos, litecoin, stellar, tron, iota technical analysis: crypto finds solace in malta and binance’s ambitions, summary=Binance to Set Up Bank with Malta’s founders Bank, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price sold off from its rising wedge support previously highlighted, signaling that a downtrend may be in order. however, price is still testing support at the rising trend line connecting the lows since the start of the month. technical indicators are also suggesting that bullish momentum could return. bitcoin price is pulling back from its uptrend and is testing support at an area of interest where buy orders might be located. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. also, the 100 sma lines up with the trend line to add to its strength as a floor. a break below the trend line could still find a floor at the 200 sma dynamic inflection point, which is still within the area, title=btc price technical analysis for 02/21/2018 – waiting for more buyers, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Downtrend Continue?, bleu=0.0255
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to move above the $545 barrier and declined against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted key bullish trend line was broken with support at $518 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is now well below $530 and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a bearish sign. ethereum price came under renewed selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now trading below $530 with bearish signs. ethereum price resistancerecently, we saw a rejection around the $545-548 resistance in eth price against the us dollar. the price made another attempt to surpass the $545 resistance, but buyers failed to gain traction. as a result, there was a bearish reaction and the price moved down below the $540 and $530 levels. there was, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd broke key support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Breaks $530, bleu=0.075
summarize:monero price key highlightsmonero is gaining traction since its bounce off the channel support and is testing the mid-channel area of interest. applying the fibonacci extension tool on the latest correction move shows that the 38.2% level lines up with this barrier. stronger bullish momentum could take it up to the next levels at the top of the channel and beyond. monero is gaining traction on its bullish run and looks poised to hit the next upside targets marked by the fib extension tool. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma appears to be crossing below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that bullish pressure is fading and sellers might return. price is still above the moving averages, though, so there’s some upside momentum left. the indicators could also hold as dynamic support on a pullback. rsi is also turning lower to signal a return in selling pressure, title=monero (xmr) price watch: another bullish channel bounce?, summary=Monero Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Poloniex, Zcash, IOTA, EOS, NEM, SPX, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price made a short-term low near $5,800 and bounced back against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $6,280 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently trading with a positive bias above the $6,000 support area. bitcoin price is showing positive signs against the us dollar. btc/usd may perhaps extend the current wave towards the $6,500 and $6,600 resistance levels. bitcoin price supportthis past week, bitcoin price faced a lot of selling interest as it declined below the $6,000 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded below the $5,800 level and tested the $5,650 support. a low was formed at $5,654 and the price started an upward correction. it moved back above, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: btc/usd showing recovery signs, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,500, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightsada price failed to move above the $0.2800 resistance and declined against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below an important bullish trend line with support at $0.2650 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair remains at a risk of more losses towards the $0.2300 and $0.2200 support levels. cardano price declined substantially against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to decline further towards the next major support at $0.2200. cardano price analysisthere was no upside break above the $0.2800 and $0.2820 resistance levels in ada price against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and declined below the $0.2700 and $0.2600 support levels. there was also a break below the 61.8% fib retracement level, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd could revisit $0.2200, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.2200, bleu=0.1585
summarize:regardless of this flat price action, chances are we might see a short term price recovery only if buyers drive prices above aug 17 highs of $330 or there about. in the meantime though, ethereum (eth) is down two percent in the last day as the community receives with great expectation ie’s bakkt and their effort to make crypto mainstream. from the newsearlier this month, international exchange, the company which owns the new york stock exchange announced that they will be forming a new company bakkt with the sole purpose of creating the lacking regulatory framework that facilitates fast price discovery as well as creating the infrastructure required for making trading, storing and spending of several high liquid cryptocurrencies as simple as possible. we introduced bakkt two weeks ago, and in her latest @medium post our ceo looks ahead to an even busier fall https://t.co, title=ethereum (eth) technical analysis: ethereum (eth) drops 4% week over week, summary=ethereum (ETH) Price Watch: 'Bakkt' Launches New Cryptocurrency Exchange, bleu=0.0531
summarize:as pitched, bitcoin cash is the new ethereum all thanks to the wormhole protocol which will make smart contracting and asset tokenization a possibility. now, could this fact alone be the reason why bch is up 10 percent in the last day? or are bch on a path towards recovery because of the market wide rejection of lower lows. let’s wait and see if there is support behind these bitcoin cash buys. from the newsare developers of bitcoin cash, the fourth largest coin in the world taking advantage of ethereum’s vulnerabilities to forward the benefits of the bch network? it looks like so going be recent developments. of course talk of smart contract capabilities were thrashed by bitcoin core because of sybil attack fears but roger ver want to change that perception and prove them wrong. with wormhole protocol, the network might be some few steps away from, title=bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis: wormhole protocol and smart contracting bch bulls, summary=Bitcoin Cash (BCH) Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Cardano, Monetary Funds, bleu=0.0165
summarize:key highlightsada price started an upside move and traded above the $0.2500 resistance against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at $0.2480 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair remains well supported for more gains above the $0.2480 and $0.2500 levels. cardano price is gaining bullish momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd may continue to rise as long as it is above the $0.2480-0.2500 support zone. cardano price analysisafter a major decline, ada price found support above the $0.2300 level against the us dollar. a low was formed at $0.2304 before the price started an upside correction. it gained bullish momentum and moved above the $0.2400 and $0.2500 resistance levels. the price, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd bullish above $0.2500, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Continue to Rise, bleu=0.1261
summarize:nothing major from the news and today i would like us to check neo. as we can see from the charts, buyers are rejecting lower prices and like eos, there is accumulation going on. i will look for buy opportunities in these two pairs and trade according to our previous altcoins price forecast. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens daily chart by trading viewit appears that after everything, stellar lumens needed all but a small nudge. it did came and the result? well, as hard statistics shows, stellar lumens is one of the top performers gaining 10% in the last 24 hours. with this, it means its market cap grew to $6.4b cementing its spot at number 8. besides the ever vibrant se asia liquidity and huge trading volumes, news, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 19, 2018, summary=Stellar Lumens Price Watch: XLM/USD, Litecoin, EOS, NEO, IOTA: Technical Analysis – xlm/usd, bleu=0.0246
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to correct above the $680 level and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a short-term ascending channel with support at $665 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to move down and it could retest the $650 support level in the near term. bitcoin cash price is struggling to move above the $680 level against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to resume its downside below the $660 level. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a minor upside correction initiated yesterday from the $625 swing low in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price moved above the $650 resistance to correct higher. it also broke the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $708 swing high to $625 low. later, it started following a, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd struggle continues, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Retest $660, bleu=0.0367
summarize:most altcoins didn’t recover immediately as expected and even though most are, we shall remain neutral until after there is confirmation of our previous forecast. that might happen today and i’m particularly checking out monero, neo and lumens which are reacting at key support lines. lumens and ltc for example have been moving horizontally along $0.30 and $180 respectively for the past 3 days or so and this makes it possible that a break out might happen in the coming sessions. this is why i will be watching these two coins today. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (lumens)xlm/usd bittrex daily chart for march 12, 2018the momentum on march 10 didn’t provide enough thrust to push lumens prices higher as per our initial plan. instead, what we are seeing now is a rebound and, title=altcoin daily technical analysis: neo, eos, ltc, monero and lumens, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: XLM, neo, Lumens and Litecoins, bleu=0.0718
summarize:the user case application of ripple and their products are diverse. that’s why despite xrp being an optional product and with 100 billion in circulation, their current valuation is "fair” if not better considering the number of total coins minted. regardless, what users want is widespread adoption and bank integration of xrp tokens. their reasoning are not farfetched either reckoning that this could help drive prices. already there are hints of that happening meaning the medium to long term view of xrp is hawkish. from the newsstraight from the word go, ripple by design is meant for banks and big financial institutions keen on leveraging the efficiencies of blockchain technology in their operations. ripple has been proved to be highly efficient, fast and cost cutting for institutions leveraging them. in fact recent demonstrations have shown that banks utilizing xrapid can slash down operation costs by up-to 70, title=alibaba and jack man’s remittance platform ready to take on ripple: ripple (xrp) technical analysis, summary=xrp, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: XRp is a Wallet for Banks and Financial Institutions, bleu=0.0252
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has broken above the double bottom neckline and bullish flag to signal upside momentum. price is forming another bullish flag pattern, which might signal a continuation of the climb. technical indicators, however, are showing mixed signals for now. bitcoin price confirmed one bullish signal after another and may be poised to continue its rally from here. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma completed its crossover above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend is more likely to be sustained than to reverse. the moving averages could hold as nearby support levels on a pullback also. rsi is indicating overbought conditions or that buyers are exhausted and willing to let sellers take over. turning lower from the overbought region could push bitcoin price to retreat to the dynamic support and area of interest, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: another bullish continuation signal, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price extended gains and moved above the $560 and $570 levels against the us dollar. there are two bullish trend lines formed with support at $555 and $535 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower from the $575 high and it could test the $550 support. bitcoin cash price is back in a positive zone above $550 against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to extend gains once it completes the current correction. bitcoin cash price trendyesterday, we saw a decent upside move above the $530 resistance level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. later, the bch/usd pair extended gains and traded above the $550 and $560 resistance levels. the upside move was strong as the price traded as high as $575. later, the price started a downside, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd’s dips supported near $550, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Test $550, bleu=0.0874
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price appears to be gaining traction on its climb as it approaches a key resistance. a break past the $10,000 barrier could complete the creation of a double bottom reversal pattern. rallying past the neckline of the formation could lead to an uptrend of the same height. bitcoin price is forming a double bottom on its daily time frame to signal that a longer-term uptrend is due. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the selloff could still resume from here, possibly leading to another test of the bottoms at $6,000. the 100 sma appears to be holding as dynamic support, though, and a move past the 200 sma dynamic inflection point could draw more buyers in. stochastic looks ready, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 05/04/2018 – long-term double bottom, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could Double Bottom Reversal Continue, bleu=0.0281
summarize:key highlightsripple price is trading in a range above the $0.4300 support area against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle formed with resistance near $0.4560 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair could accelerate gains once it breaks the $0.4600 and $0.4700 resistance levels in the near term. ripple price is briefly consolidating in a range against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could explode once the current consolidation phase is over. ripple price resistancesduring the past few days, ripple price mostly traded in a range above the $0.4300 level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair made a few attempts to break the $0.4600 and $0.4700 resistance levels, but it failed. at the moment, it is consolidating above the $0.4400 level and is, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd could explode soon?, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Explode, bleu=0.1261
summarize:fomo momentsthe markets are looking a little healthier during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin has rallied by 6.3% back over $10k and the altcoins have been lifted with it. most of them are in the green this morning and as usual one is doing better than the rest in the top 25. the coin of the moment is neo. coinmarketcap has neo trading at 17% higher than this time yesterday. it is a fraction over $140 from $119 this time yesterday which is quite a significant price jump. looking at the seven day chart neo has rebounded back to its price this time a week ago, and over a month it is up marginally but still a way to go to reach its monthly high of $168 on january 30. often referred to as the chinese ethereum, n, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is neo, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: neo, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0228
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined below the $0.9500 support area yesterday against the us dollar. there are two important bearish trend lines forming with resistance at $0.9400 and $1.00 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair is currently correcting higher, but it is likely to face a lot of sellers on the upside near 0.9500. ripple price declined further during the past few hours against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is currently recovering, but upsides are likely to be capped. ripple price resistancethere was no respite for buyers as ripple price declined further below $0.9800 against the us dollar. the price traded lower and even broke the $0.9500 support level. it was under a lot of pressure, which resulted in a push below $0.9000. a low was formed near $0.8817 from where, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd is facing uphill task, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsripple price is under a lot of pressure and it recently broke the $0.4500 support against the us dollar. there is a short-term declining channel in place with resistance at $0.4500 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is likely to extend the current decline towards the $0.4300 and $0.4250 levels in the near term. ripple price is extending losses against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is in a downtrend and it could accelerate losses below the $0.4400 level. ripple price downtrendthere was a sharp downside move from the $0.4800 pivot level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair fell sharply and cleared the $0.4750 and $0.4500 support levels. there was even a spike below the $0.4400 level and a low was formed, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd extending slide, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.4400, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price gained traction and moved above the $760 and $780 resistances against the us dollar. there is a short-term bullish trend line forming with support near $788 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is in a major uptrend and it is likely to accelerate higher above $800 in the near term. bitcoin cash price jumped sharply towards $800 against the us dollar. bch/usd is gaining bullish momentum, which could lead it towards $850. bitcoin cash price trendthere was a sharp upside move in bitcoin cash price from the $715 swing low against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair corrected a few points yesterday and tested the $710-715 support zone. moreover, the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $6, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd surging higher, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $850, bleu=0.115
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is trading in a positive zone, but is struggling to break the $1,000 resistance against the us dollar. there is a major connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $985 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair must break the $985 and $1,000 resistance to gain upside momentum in the near term. bitcoin cash price struggled to break the $1,000 level against the us dollar. bch/usd must clear hurdles near $985 and $1,000 to post further gains. bitcoin cash price resistanceyesterday, we saw a decent start to a new recovery in bitcoin cash price above $800 against the us dollar. the price traded above the $850 and $900 resistance levels. however, the upside move was protected by a major resistance near $1,000. moreover, the 100 hourly simple moving average is also preventing gains near the $980, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – can bch/usd break this?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1,000, bleu=0.1236
summarize:dash/usd dash tried to rally initially during the day on tuesday but found the $800 level to be resistive. because of this, the market looks likely to go down to the $600 level, as we have seen negativity yet again during the day. ultimately, the $800 level will be a resistance barrier, with $600 offering support. do not be surprised if we break below that level later. ltc/usdlitecoin also drifted lower, reaching towards the $165 level. the market looks likely to test the lows again, which means we are going to go to the $140 level. it’s not until we close above the $200 level that i believe the market has a chance of rallying with any type of significance. thanks for watching, i’ll be back tomorrow. dash and litecoin analysis january 24, 2018 was, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 24, 2018, summary=Dash, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Rally?, bleu=0.0263
summarize:fomo momentsthe good news is that markets have not crashed this morning and total market cap is hovering around $300 billion which is above the last low. the not so good news is that most cryptocurrencies are still in the red and very few have made gains. bitcoin failed to break resistance at $8,000 and is still trading just below it. this has stalled any momentum that altcoins may have seen during the morning’s asian trading session. a couple are trading in the green though and one performing a little better than the rest at the moment is eos. coinmarketcap reports that eos is currently trading 11% higher this morning which puts it above all other altcoins in the top 25. the token is trading at $6.12, up from $5.50 this time yesterday; the weekly picture is pretty flat with eos trading at around the same level this time last wed, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is eos, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: eos Trading 11% Higher This Morning, bleu=0.0446
summarize:like most high cap alt coins, monero mid-range reversal may disrupt our bear projection. other than the lower lows visible in nem-that is justifiable following a blast through $2, we expected sellers to push prices lower this week. this looks unlikely especially now that dash prices are reversing and turning their guns to $1300. at the same time, there is resurgence in iota as buyers bid to close above $4.2 before the end of the week. let’s have a look at other chartsnem prices dip after clearing $2.0xemusd 4hr chart for january 5, 2018the fibonacci extension tool is important for determining potential resistances and take profit levels. it is obvious that nem buyers are in charge and even after january 3 strong bull candlestick and break out, today’s candlestick couldn’t, title=monero mid-range reversal may disrupt short term bear projection, summary=Monero Price Technical Analysis – iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEM, Poloniex, Zcash, IOTA: Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still stalling on its potential reversal as it tests another area of interest. a new reversal pattern that could turn out to be an inverse head and shoulders appears to be forming. in that case, bitcoin price might form a shoulder by dipping back to $6,000 before attempting to break the neckline. bitcoin price appears to be creating an inverse head and shoulders reversal pattern on its 4-hour time frame. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the downtrend is still more likely to resume than to reverse. bitcoin price broke past the 100 sma dynamic inflection point to reflect a bit of bullish momentum but is still hitting resistance at the 200 sma dynamic inflection, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: another reversal pattern about to form?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Head and Shoulders Reversal Be Found?, bleu=0.0284
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is holding an important support near $800 against the us dollar. there is a contracting triangle forming with support near $805 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the $830 and $840 resistances to gain traction in the near term. bitcoin cash price remains supported above $800 against the us dollar. bch/usd is about to make the next move either above $830 or below $800. bitcoin cash price resistanceyesterday, we saw a minor downward correction from the $890 high in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined below the $850 and $840 support levels, and tested the $800 area. buyers appeared near the $800 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the price moved a few points higher and traded above the, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd holding key support, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $800, bleu=0.115
summarize:key highlightseth price traded in a range above the $460 support area against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line in place with resistance near $470 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may perhaps break the trend line and the $478 resistance to gain upside momentum. ethereum price is consolidating in a crucial range against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must break the $477, $478 and $484 resistances to gain traction. ethereum price upsides hurdlesthere were no major moves above the $478 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair mostly consolidated in a range above the $458 and $460 support levels. on the downside, there is an important support forming near the $460 level. the price recently bounced above the, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd consolidating above $460, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $470, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsripple price was not able to gain momentum and broke the $0.5400 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important ascending channel was breached with support at $0.5350 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is back in a bearish zone and it could continue to move down towards the $0.5150 level. ripple price fell sharply below key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to extend declines towards the $0.5150 and $0.5100 levels. ripple price resistanceyesterday, ripple price made an attempt to break the $0.5500 resistance against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair failed to move past $0.5500 and $0.5505, which resulted in a downside move. the price declined and broke a few important supports including $0.5400 to, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd broke channel support, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Continue Downtrend, bleu=0.115
summarize:key highlightseth price managed to recover higher after forming a low near the $404 level against the us dollar. there is a monster bearish trend line formed with resistance near $456 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to move above the $456 and $480 resistance levels to gain upside momentum. ethereum price is facing a major resistance versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must clear the $456 hurdle to test the next hurdle at $480. ethereum price upside hurdlesthis past week, there was a nasty decline from well above $450 in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair tumbled and traded towards the $400 handle. a low was formed at $404.46 before the price started an upside correction. it bounced back above $430 and cleared the, title=ethereum price weekly analysis: can eth/usd break this?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Recovers Higher, bleu=0.1279
summarize:key highlightsripple price fell further and traded below the $0.3300 level before starting a recovery against the us dollar. there was a break above a short-term bearish trend line with resistance at $0.3350 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may perhaps correct further higher towards the $0.3600 and $0.3650 levels in the near term. ripple price is slowly recovering after heavy declines against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could correct further towards the $0.3650 resistance. ripple price resistancethere were further losses noted in ripple price below the $0.3500 support level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair even broke the $0.3300 support and traded as low as $0.3200. later, buyers appeared and prevented more losses below $0.3200. a short-term correction wave was initiated and the price, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd correcting higher towards $0.3650, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Correct Further, bleu=0.0342
summarize:fomo momentsa train wreck is the best way to describe the markets today. the asian trading session has not been pretty and we have had to go beyond the top 25 to find an altcoin that is in the green. there is one and it is relatively unknown but it is up by 51% when many in the top ten have fallen by over 30%. according to coinmarketcap digixdao is the only coin showing gains in the entire top 100 cryptocurrencies by market cap. dgd is an obscure altcoin with a market capacity of just $685 million. it is currently trading at $357, up from $231 this time yesterday. over the past seven days this altcoin has jumped over 50%. digix tokenizes gold on ethereum. it offers the ability to own, save and transact gold in tokenized form, keeping secure private ownership of your digital assets. this provides, title=morning asian trading roundup: the leading altcoin is digixdao, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is Digixdao, bleu=0.0507
summarize:key highlightseth price traded further higher and tested the $635 resistance area against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line formed with support at $612 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has formed a double top pattern near the $635 level and it may decline further in the short term. ethereum price is trading with a positive bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may correct in the short term after a key rejection from the $635 level. ethereum price resistancethere was a nice upside move in eth price from the $580 support zone against the us dollar. the price moved above the $600 and $610 resistance levels to trade further higher. it even succeeded in surpassing the $630 level. however, sellers appeared around the $635 resistance and the price failed to retain traction., title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd forming double top, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Positive, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is struggling to break the $8,300 resistance area against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line is intact with resistance at $8,280 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to break the $8,280 and $8,300 resistance levels to climb further higher. bitcoin price is placed nicely above the $7,850 support against the us dollar. btc/usd is likely to surge higher once buyers succeed in clearing the $8,300 hurdle. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we discussed an important barrier near $8,300 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair made another attempt to break the stated $8,300 resistance, but it failed. as a result, there was a bearish reaction and the price dipped below the $8,000 level. however, the $7, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd could surge past $8,300, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $8,300, bleu=0.1585
summarize:unexpectedly, tron prices are dipping after mainnet launch. given the marketing done by justin sun and the tron foundation, the markets are thirst for action. savvy programmers on the other hand have something to cheer because should they find a flaw-like those in eos- they are entitled to a $100,000 reward from tron foundation. these are the kind of incentives that spur coders or white hats into action benefiting the platform in the process. before the bounty program ends on june 21, we should see progress as the tron network undergoes rigorous testing. apart from this, technical formations hint of possible low risk, high reward trades in iota and stellar lumens. eos price technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewso, binance did decide to block deposit and withdrawal of eos erc tokens two days before, title=acer will soon strike a deal with iota : iota, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin and eos price technical analysis (june 1, 2018), summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – eos, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens and IOTA, bleu=0.0146
summarize:key highlightsripple price found support around the $0.7610 level and recovered a few points against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted crucial bearish trend line with resistance at $0.8010 was broken on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair has to settle above $0.8000 and $0.8100 to recover further in the near term. ripple price is slowly recovering against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must close above $0.8100 to gain traction and correct further higher towards $0.8400. ripple price trendduring the past few days, we saw a major decline from the $0.8800 swing in ripple price against the us dollar. the price even broke the $0.8000 and $0.7800 support levels this week to move into a bearish zone. it traded as low as $0.7610 recently where buyers appeared. later, the price started an upside, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd recover further?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Recovers Toward $0.8400, bleu=0.1355
summarize:on a second look, there is a low level altcoin loss reversal in the making. prices are in the red but with a five percent gain in bitcoin over the same period, we might see higher highs in eos, litecoin, monero, stellar and cardano (ada) today if not for the rest of the week. the reason is simple: bitcoin leads the altcoin market. since most are pegged to it, any gain or loss in bitcoin would draw altcoins in that direction regardless of coin specific fundamentals in question. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysisfrom the newskomodo set the stage rolling for atomic swaps-where users can exchange their cryptocurrencies for another without third parties. sources are eos–btc atomic swap is on the cards and might be coming through, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, monero, cardano (ada) price analysis: bitcoin adds 5% leading the way for altcoins, summary=eos, Litecoin, Cardano, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Price Analysis – XRP, BTC, EOS, bleu=0.0392
summarize:fomo momentsafter a few days in the green crypto markets are correcting today and red is dominating the coin charts. a small selloff has started as traders take profits during the asian session. bitcoin has retracted by around 2% to $11,300 and most of the altcoins have followed it down. only one or two are still showing positive gains over the past 24 hours and omisego is leading the pack in the top 25. according to coinmarketcap omg is the only altcoin that is up over the past day, albeit only by 2% at the time of writing. from a low of $17.70 yesterday it jumped up to $20.20 before retreating back to $18.75 this morning. omisego has rebounded strongly from the big dip of february 6 and has recovered over 100% of its losses, falling to $8 and rebound, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is omisego, summary=omisego, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, Zcash, BTC, EOS: Technical Analysis for thursday, bleu=0.0216
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price found support near the $684 level and started a recovery against the us dollar. there was a break above a short-term bearish trend line with resistance at $705 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair could continue to trade higher towards the next resistance at $740 in the near term. bitcoin cash price is slowly recovering above $700 against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps recover further towards the next hurdle at $740. bitcoin cash price recoverythis past week, we saw heavy declines below the $750 support in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined and broke the $720 and $700 support levels. it traded as low as $684 and later started an upside correction above $700. it broke the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd could recover to $740, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.0312
summarize:fomo momentsthe rally was brief, a three day spurt of a few percent and markets are once again plummeting towards a new yearly low. each recovery is shorter than the previous and each low for total market capitalization is lower than the previous, the bears are still fully in control of cryptos. bitcoin has once again dropped below $7,000, losing 7.5% on the day and falling to $6,780. altcoins have been bashed in what is becoming a regular pattern this year and are all in the red again this morning. according to coinmarketcap there is only one coin that is showing gains in the top 50 altcoins and that is ontology. trading up 2.5% ont is a relative newcomer to the crypto scene. this altcoin arrived on march 17 when its market cap jumped to $400 million, since then it has been trading higher when all others, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is ontology, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Oculus Rift: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0202
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price remained well supported, but it struggled to break the $6,700-6,800 resistance against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at $6,550 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently trading in a range below the $6,700 resistance and is preparing for the next move. bitcoin price is placed nicely above $6,500 against the us dollar. btc/usd may slowly climb higher to a new monthly high as long as it is above $6,400. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, bitcoin price gained momentum and traded above the $6,700 resistance against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded towards the $6,800 resistance and formed a new monthly high at $6,793. later, there was a downside correction and the price, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd consolidating below $6,700, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,400, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightseth price declined sharply and broke a major support at $680 against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $678 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair declined sharply and then recovered, which looks like a false break below $650. ethereum price struggled to gain momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd tumbled below $650, but it looks like a false downside break. ethereum price resistancethere was a continuous selling interest above $680 in eth price against the us dollar. as a result, there was a downside reaction and the price broke a major support near $680. it pushed the price down and it declined below the $665 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the price also failed to hold, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd’s false downside break, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Recovers Below $650, bleu=0.1261
summarize:a campaign to raise awareness that xrp is not ripple, three court cases and a race to meet sec decentralization requirements for endorsement is obviously exposing xrp and cushioning ripple the company. at the time of press, ripple (xrp) is down six percent and trading below 45 cents, a main support line in our analysis. from the newsit’s a surprise really, the new calls by ripple advocates that xrp and ripple have no ties going forward. how about the very many publications strewn all over the web that directly links the two? as a matter of fact, this comedy won’t end until we see xrp functional description being purged from within the ripple website pages. according to the hatch agency, xrp is now an independent digital asset while ripple is a facilitator and is a software company offering "financial solutions, title=ripple (xrp) technical analysis: the sec “friendly” ripple and xrp divorce, summary=xrp (xRP) Technical Analysis – XRP and Ripple No More?, bleu=0.0405
summarize:it’s just four days before tron launch their tron virtual machine (tvm) and already there is injection of momentum. yes, i’m net long tron and that’s a technical and sentiment advice based on historical formations before announcement of coin specific developments. in my view, tvm is a plus and while we expect more updates before their mainnet launch, buying on dips today might be a good trade plan. after all, that would be syncing with the general bullish trend after yesterday’s spike in volumes. let’s have a look at these charts:eos analysiseos daily chart by trading viewthe excitement is real and we have more comparisons on the sphere. we all know people refer bitcoin as the digital gold and indeed it is especially if we bring on focus iran’s events. people are flocking to bitcoin despite them, title=is this a crypto resurrection? tron, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical price analysis may 21, 2018, summary=tron, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, EOS, Zcash: Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Boosted, bleu=0.0434
summarize:before yesterday, bitcoin cash (bch) bull momentum was strong and our expectation was that bch buyers would edge above $850 as our buys went live. that didn’t come to pass and after periods of lower time frame accumulation, we might see bch thrusting above $850 and ushering in buyers later today. from the newswell, well, well... bitcoin cash often spurs drama and it all has to do with bitcoin.com claims of authority and that "millions” around the world view the publication. as a bitcoin cash loud speaker, many expected moderators behind the site to at least act with decorum and not issue threat to exchanges listed on the site. going by the email exchange that is doing rounds on reddit, it appeared bitcoin.com got what they deserved after issuing daft threats to bity, a swiss regulated crypto currency exchange.https://, title=bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis: bitcoin cash’s bitcoin.com now arm-twisting exchanges, demands bch listings, summary=Bitcoin Cash (BCH) Technical Analysis – bCH Could Break $850, bleu=0.0214
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets have been yo-yoing all week, one day up the next down. we end the week in the red once again as prices have fallen across the board and asia is leading the selloff. total market capitalization has fallen to its lowest level in a month and bitcoin has shed another 4% on the day. currently btc is hanging precariously close to $8,000, if it falls below this things will get messy fast. altcoins as usual have been hit even harder with a sea of red across the boards this morning. only one way outside the top 25 is posting a gain today, and it is digixdao. there has been no negative news or governmental clampdowns to spark this sell off but all gains over the past 30 days have been wiped out once again. coinmarketcap is showing that the only altcoin resilient to, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: investors buying up digixdao, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: btc, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS, Monero, bleu=0.0191
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets have leveled off a little this morning, no further gains have been made but the good news is that they haven’t fallen again. bitcoin has remained at the $9,000 level with no movement in either direction over the past 24 hours. total market capitalization is marginally up by 1.5% to $352 billion. altcoins are a mixed bag, some in the green, others losing out a little, the one leading the way at the moment is icon. coinmarketcap is showing a solid 37% gain for icx which puts it way above its brethren during this morning’s asian trading session. from $2.75 this time yesterday icon is up to $3.80 at the moment, a spike that started late in the afternoon in asia and continued through the euro and us trading sessions. over the week icx has had a great run, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is icon, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: icx, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether, BTC, IOTA, EOS, S&P 500, bleu=0.0129
summarize:key highlightsripple price made a solid upside move and traded above the $0.5500 and $0.6000 resistances against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with resistance at $0.6300 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may correct lower in the short term towards $0.6100 or $0.6000 before resuming its uptrend. ripple price surged higher and broke many barriers against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now placed nicely above $0.6000 and is eyeing more gains. ripple price upside movefinally, there was a solid upside wave initiated from well below $0.5000 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price gained bullish momentum and moved above the $0.5000 and $0.5500 resistance levels. the upside move was very strong and buyers were successful in pushing the price above the $0.6000 level, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd breaks key resistance, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.6000, bleu=0.1136
summarize:key highlightsripple price gained a lot of traction recently and is comfortably placed above $0.8600 against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $0.8750 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair remains in an uptrend and is eyeing a break above $0.9500 for a fresh monthly high. ripple price is surging higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may soon break the $0.9500 level for further gains towards the $1.00 level. ripple price trendafter a minor downside correction, ripple price found support around the $0.8000 level against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $0.8500 resistance. it cleared the $0.8600 barrier and settled above the 100 hourly simple moving average. there was also a break above a key, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd targets fresh highs, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.9500, bleu=0.0403
summarize:fomo momentsthings are not looking pretty this morning and the markets can only be described as a train wreck. the selloff has continued with what seems to be a greater sense of urgency during the asian trading session. bitcoin has lost over 10% on the day and all altcoins are also hemorrhaging badly. everything is in the red but one altcoin seems to have made a bit back and is actually up on yesterday’s prices and that one is nem. the total market has shed over $50 billion in 24 hours and we are heading back to february 6 lows again. this time yesterday the crypto market was worth just under $400 billion, today it is heading south of $350 billion, last month’s low was at $280 billion. a trifecta of bad news has compounded the wave of panic selling and asian’s are leading the way. according to coin, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is nem, summary=asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is Nem, bleu=0.0627
summarize:key highlightsada price started a nice upside move from the $0.2020 support area against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $0.2160 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently struggling to move past the $0.2200 barrier and the 100 hourly simple moving average. cardano price is slightly in the bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must break the $0.2200 resistance and 100 hourly sma to accelerate gains. cardano price analysisafter a drop towards the $0.2000 level, ada price found support against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $0.2020 and formed a support base for an upside move. it started trading higher and broke the $0.2100 resistance. it also moved, title=cardano price analysis: can ada/usd break past 100 sma?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1157
summarize:key highlightseth price declined to a new low below the $360 level before finding buyers against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $385 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may move above the $385-390 resistance zone for a short-term upside correction. ethereum price is facing heavy selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may correct higher in the near term towards the $400-410 resistance zone. ethereum price resistancethere was no respite for buyers as eth price declined below the $380 and $360 support levels against the us dollar. the price traded to a new low around the $355 level before starting an upside correction. it moved above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last downside move from the $419 high, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd could recover short-term, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.1395
summarize:it’s clear that holding coins in your portfolio is a "painful” thing right now. before last week, we were bullish. however, following june 10 events and a consequent 15 percent ethereum value erosion within 24 hours, there has been a calibration. in this new picture, sellers are spearheading this new chart driving prices below $500. if this pace continues, we are likely to see ethereum at $350 in the coming days. let’s look at these charts:from the newsthere is a reason why any cryptocurrency coin supply is always but an important subject matter. a reasonable coin supply with coin burns is more often than not a sure way out of creating demand which in turn draws value. on the flip side, billions of total circulating coin supply and we shall have individual tokens going for less than a dollar. it’s a delicate balancing, title=ethereum (eth) technical analysis (june 12, 2018), summary=ethereum Price Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens, NEO, Poloniex, Ether, Cardano, bleu=0.0196
summarize:at long last, mt gox account holders affected by the hack would receive their coins after mt gox was given a go-ahead to proceed with their civil rehabilitation process. this is a reprieve not only to those seeking compensation but to bitcoin prices because koyabashi won’t be liquidating more coins in the days to come. in the mean time though, bitcoin prices are down 20 percent month over month and trading below $6,000, our main support and trigger line for the first time this year. from the newsfor the better part of 2018, the crypto-verse there has been saturation of news that the recent slide of bitcoin prices has to do with the liquidation of mt. gox bitcoin holdings. yes, that may be true and after all when hackers made away with 800,000 bitcoins, the aggrieved parties sued seeking for redress. inevitably, this meant, title=court halts sale of mt gox bitcoin stash until 2019 : bitcoin (btc) technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: mt. Gox to Recover from Cryptocurrency Hack, bleu=0.0265
summarize:key highlightsada price jumped higher recently and broke the $0.1900 resistance against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below a key bearish trend line with resistance at $0.19000 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently facing a major resistance near the $0.2150 and $0.2160 resistance levels. cardano price is back key barriers against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must break the $0.2150 resistance for further upsides in the near term. cardano price analysisafter a major decline below the $0.1800 level, ada price found support near $0.1700 against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $0.1708 and later it started an upside move. it traded higher and broke the $0.1850 and $0.1900 resistance levels. there was also, title=cardano price analysis: can ada/usd surpass $0.2150?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Should Break $0.2160, bleu=0.1355
summarize:tron price key highlightstron is on another leg lower but might be due for a bounce off the nearby support zones. price has tumbled through most of the fib extension levels but is still due to test the channel support and full extension. technical indicators are showing mixed signals, with oscillators hinting at a bounce. tron has been in selloff mode for the past few days but might be able to bounce off these nearby support areas. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma on this time frame to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this confirms that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. also, the gap between the two is widening to reflect strengthening bearish momentum. the 100 sma is also near the top of the descending channel on the 1-hour time frame to add to its strength as resistance in the event, title=tron (trx) price watch: short-term support zones, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Bounce, bleu=0.042
summarize:key highlightsada price started a fresh downside move and declined below the $0.3500 support against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $0.3600 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently testing a major support at $0.3200, but it remains at a risk of more losses. cardano price is struggling to remain in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd may extend the current decline below the $0.3200 support in the near term. cardano price declineafter a decent upside ride above the $0.3700 level, ada price faced resistance near $0.3750-0.3800 against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and declined below the $0.3600 support and the 100 hourly simple, title=cardano price technical analysis – ada/usd at risk of more losses, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.3200, bleu=0.1951
summarize:of the 5 altcoins, it’s only neo that is slow to pick up. other pairs especially ltc and lumens seem to be reversing from key support levels. if that is really the case then we expect higher highs today. given the technical formation, ltc remains on our radar and if there is any close above $225, buyers can enter and aim at $270 or high in the coming trading days. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd 4hr chart for march 2, 2018even if positional traders cannot find reason for buying lumens, swing traders and especially scalpers have reasons to especially if their focus are in the 4hr chart. yes, of course, the former cannot buy until we have a convincing blast above $0.38 but technically, it looks like there are enough, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iota and lumens, summary=ltc, lumens, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis for March 2, 2018, bleu=0.0565
summarize:besides lumens, other high cap altcoins under our radar were bearish and moving within february 12 high lows. will there be replication of lumens break above today? well, it depends on if these stochastic buy signals are reflective of underlying buy pressures that could actually lift prices past resistance levels from which the 20 period ma plays a big role. for now, i recommend buying lumens in small proportions and spreading out entries until after there is a close above $0.50 in the coming sessions-assuming that happens today. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (lumens)xlmusd daily chart for february 14, 2018after periods of higher highs and consolidation, lumens prices are now trading above our bullish trigger line of 40.40. of course, we can begin looking for long entry signals in lower time frames but, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, nem and lumens, summary=xlm/usd Technical Analysis – XLM, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Zcash, IOTA, BTC, EOS, NEM, SPX, OTC/USD, bleu=0.0163
summarize:key highlightseth price started a minor upside correction and traded above the $362 level against the us dollar. there is a key contracting triangle forming with support near $356 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to stay above the $356 and $352 support levels to move past $368 and $370 resistances. ethereum price started a consolidation against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must break the $370 resistance to test the next hurdle at $379. ethereum price resistancesafter trading as low as $347.72, eth price started a minor upside move against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair moved a few points above the $355 level and also cleared the $362 resistance. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd consolidating below $370, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $379, bleu=0.1355
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has moved closer to testing the neckline of its double top pattern highlighted earlier. a break below this support zone could push price by around $2,000 lower or the same height as the chart formation. technical indicators are also hinting at a potential pickup in bearish momentum. bitcoin price might be due for a downside break from the neckline of its short-term reversal pattern to signal a return in bearish pressure. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is starting to cross below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, support could be more likely to break than to hold. stochastic also seems to be pointing down to signal that there’s some bearish pressure left in play. rsi, on the other hand, is already indicating oversold conditions so buyers might take, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/08/2018 – bears fighting back!, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, IOTA, S&P 500, bleu=0.0191
summarize:key highlightseth price was not able to break higher and it is currently trading below $275 against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line formed with resistance near $272-274 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair must clear the $275 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average for more gains. ethereum price is trading with a neutral bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd needs to gain momentum above $275 for further gains in the near term. ethereum price upside hurdlethere were many attempts by eth price to move into a bullish zone with a break above the $275-280 zone against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair continuously struggled to gain momentum and it recently declined below $275. there was also a break below the 38.2% fib, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd facing significant resistance, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price finally gained traction and moved above the $2700 level against the us dollar. there was a break above two bearish trend lines with resistance at $2440 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair is now placed nicely above the $2500 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is back in the bullish zone above $2500 against the us dollar. bch/usd made a nice upside move and is currently above the $2700 level. bitcoin cash price trendduring the past three days, we saw a consolidation pattern in bitcoin cash price above $2280 area against the us dollar. the price struggled to move above the $2450 and $2500 resistance levels. however, the past two sessions were positive, as the price moved above the $2450 resistance. it also succeeded in breaking the 76.4% fib re, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price recovered nicely and moved above the $0.2750 resistance area against the us dollar. this week’s crucial bearish trend line is preventing gains with resistance near the $0.2900 level on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may perhaps break the $0.2900-0.3000 resistance area for more gains in the near term. ripple price corrected higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is currently attempting an upside break above the $0.2900-0.3000 resistance zone. ripple price resistancethere was a decent support base formed near the $0.2465 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair started an upside correction and moved above the $0.2750 and $0.2800 resistance levels. buyers even managed to push the price above the $0.2810 resistance. moreover, there was a break above the, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd attempting upside break above $0.3000, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.2900, bleu=0.0371
summarize:key highlightseth price remained supported near $265 and it slowly moved above the $270 level against the us dollar. there is a short-term ascending channel forming with support at $271 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair might face hurdles on the upside near the $284 and $285 resistance levels. ethereum price is mostly trading in a range against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could slowly rise towards the $290 level with ranging moves. ethereum price resistancesafter trading as low as $259.17, eth price found support against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair started moving higher with most range moves above the $270 level. it cleared the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $301 swing high to $260 swing low. however, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd slowly rising towards $290-295, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $290, bleu=0.1342
summarize:key highlightsripple price found a strong buying interest around $0.3120 and recovered sharply against the us dollar. there was a break above a key connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $0.3340 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair tested the $0.3550 resistance and is currently consolidating gains above $0.3200. ripple price reversed yesterday’s losses and gained traction against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd broke the $0.3350 level to move into a positive zone. ripple price upside moveyesterday, we saw a bearish reaction below the $0.3300 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair tested an important support area near $0.3120 where buyers emerged. a low was formed at $0.3125 before the price started an upside recovery. the price, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd reverses from key support at $0.3120, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Breaks $0.3350, bleu=0.1141
summarize:key points bitcoin cash price started consolidating losses after trading to the $540 low against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bearish trend line formed with resistance at $580 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair might continue to struggle to break the $580 and $600 resistance levels in the near term. bitcoin cash price is under pressure below $600 against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps attempt a recovery if buyers push the price above $580 and 100 sma. bitcoin cash price resistancethere were heavy declines noted in bitcoin cash price below the $650 pivot level against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined below the $600 and $550 support levels and traded to a new low at $540. later, the price found support and started a minor upward move above $550. it, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd consolidating above $550, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Under Pressure, bleu=0.1274
summarize:key highlightsripple price started an upside correction and moved above the $0.6500 level against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $0.7200 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair must move above the $0.7200 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average to gain momentum. ripple price is slowly recovering against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to move above the $0.7200-0.7300 zone to recover further in the near term. ripple price upside hurdlethere was a major decline noted yesterday towards $0.6200 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $0.6260 and later started an upside correction. it moved above the $0.6500 resistance to start an upside recovery. it also traded above the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last drop from the, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd recover further?, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.1236
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is consolidating in a range above the $1500 support against the us dollar. there is an ascending channel forming with support at $1600 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair has to break the $1720 resistance level to gains upside momentum toward $2000. bitcoin cash price mostly traded in a range above $1500 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to move past $1720-1750 to move further higher in the near term. bitcoin cash price supportthere was no major upside move in bitcoin cash price above the $1650 level against the us dollar. the price mostly traded in a tiny range with a slight bullish angle toward $1700. there was a low formed at $1500 from where the price moved higher. there was a slow and steady upside move above the $1600 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average, title=btc cash price tech analysis – bch/usd consolidating below $1720, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1956
summarize:key highlightsada price corrected lower from the $0.2745 level, but downsides were limited against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major bullish trend line forming with support near the $0.2400 level on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is likely to find a strong buying interest above the $0.2400 level in the short term. cardano price is placed nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd downsides remain limited with supports near $0.2400 and $0.2300. cardano price supportafter a nice upside move, ada price found selling interest near the $0.2745 level against the us dollar. the price made a short-term top near the $0.2746 level and started a downside move. it declined and moved below the $0.27, title=cardano price technical analysis – ada/usd remains supported, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – Can ada/USD Break $0.2400?, bleu=0.0684
summarize:eth/usdethereum rallied again during the trading session on friday, finally reaching the $1000 level. ultimately, i think we can break above this area, but it would not surprise me at all to see short-term pullbacks to build up enough momentum to do so. i look at the $900 level as the likely "floor” in the market. once we break above the $1000 level, the $1100 level will be targeted. eth/btcbitcoin rallied significantly during the day against the us dollar, so this of course had a bit of an effect over here as well. however, it appears that the 0.06 level is offering support, so i believe it’s only a matter of time before the buyers return. i like buying dips, and believe that the uptrend is intact as long as we can stay above the 0.05 handle. thank you for watching,, title=ethereum analysis january 8, 2018, summary=eth/btcbitcoin Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Could Break $1000, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price formed a short-term top at $33.41 and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below an important bullish trend line with support at $30.30 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently holding the 100 hourly simple moving average, but it is at a risk of more declines. ethereum classic price is moving lower in a bearish path against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd could decline further towards the $28.00 and $26.00 support levels. ethereum classic price resistancethere were decent gains in etc price above the $30.00 level against the us dollar. the price traded as high as $33.41 from where a downside wave was initiated. it moved below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $26.00 low to $3, title=eth classic price tech analysis – etc/usd is following bearish path, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.0371
summarize:fomo momentsfollowing two days of selling pressure the markets have stabilized a little and even started to gain marginally during the morning’s asian trading session. total market capitalization is climbing back towards $450 billion and bitcoin did not drop below $9k. it is currently trading up 1% on the day at $9,440. altcoins are mostly in the green today as they forge a recovery from the recent correction. as usual one is surging ahead of the pack and today that crypto is bytecoin. coinmarketcap is reporting a 31% gain in bcn from this time yesterday. the spike started about an hour or two ago as price jumped to $0.0090 from $0.0068 on monday. over the week bytecoin has risen almost 75% from $0.0052 this time last week. during the past 30 days it has performed very well surging nearly 300%, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: bytecoin boosted by binance listing, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin to Surge ahead of the pack, bleu=0.0339
summarize:fomo momentsthe recovery has continued into its third day and markets have remained green during this morning’s asian trading session. bitcoin has put another 4.7% on and is trading just over $9,000 which has pulled many of the altcoins back up again. a couple of them are in the red by a percentage or two but most are showing positive gain. one leading the way at the moment is tron. coinmarketcap reports that trx is up 17% this morning, trading at $0.039 from $0.034 24 hours ago. this does not sound a lot but percentage gain wise it makes it today’s top performing altcoin. tron has had a rough ride this year, falling 85% from its pump to $0.26 in early january to current levels. over the week trx has shown gains of 11% however over the month it is down 13%. in, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is tron, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is tron, bleu=0.1079
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is trading with bullish moves above the $7,000 level against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $7,610 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is now facing another important barrier near the $7,700 level and the 100 simple moving average (4-hours). bitcoin price is trading nicely above the $7,400 pivot against the us dollar. btc/usd could accelerate gains once it breaks the $7,700 and $8,000 barriers. bitcoin price declineafter a major decline, bitcoin price formed a decent support above the $7,000 handle against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $7,200 and $7,400 resistance levels. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: btc/usd could accelerate gains, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $8,000, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price did not correct higher and declined below the $1,200 support against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines forming with resistance at $1,250 and $1,280 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair may decline more in the near term and it could even break the $1,100 support level. bitcoin cash price declined further below $1,200 against the us dollar. bch/usd looks set to extend the current decline towards or below $1,100. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was no stopping sellers as bitcoin cash price failed to correction above the $1,300 level against the us dollar. the price declined and broke yesterday’s low to trade below the $1,200 level. it opened the doors for more losses and the price traded towards $1,150. a low was formed at $1,134 and it seems like the price is struggling to, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd breaks $1,200, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,100, bleu=0.0407
summarize:fomo momentsyesterday was undoubtedly one of the worst for crypto markets for a long time. over 20% fell off the total market capacity in one day alone, a crash only eclipsed by the january 15-17 selloff which resulted in a 40% market decline. as usual one altcoin shines above the rest during today’s asian trading session and that accolade goes to lisk. lsk had been trading sideways at around $22 for the past week or so. it is one of the few altcoins that shows considerable resilience to large market swings, ethereum is another. the price of lsk shot to the moon yesterday at 05.30 utc when it jumped 60% to $36 in around half an hour. since then the market has corrected and lisk has returned to around $25 where it currently trades., title=morning asian trading roundup: the leading altcoin is lisk, summary=lisk, Litecoin, EOS, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup, bleu=0.0338
summarize:key highlightsripple price is currently moving inside a range below the $0.7300 resistance against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with support near $0.6900 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair looks set to make the next move either above $0.7400 or below $0.6900 in the near term. ripple price is poised to make the next move against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may soon climb higher above the $0.7300 and $0.7400 resistance levels. ripple price resistancethere was no major upside move above $0.7400 during the past two sessions in ripple price against the us dollar. the price attempted an upside break above $0.7400-0.7500 recently, but it failed to gain momentum. the recent high was $0.7640 from where the price mostly traded inside a range. it moved below, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd make it?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.7400, bleu=0.0403
summarize:as altcoins drag lower syncing with bitcoin (btc) drop, fundamentals and technical formations are clearly divergent. yes, sellers are in charge and are even cancelling the last stellar lumens (xlm) bullish attempts of mid-july. however, while we are yet to see proper sell signal below key support lines in litecoin (ltc), eos and iota for example, we have a bearish leaning thanks to trend resumption of last week and that strong bearish engulfing candlestick by week ending aug 5. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysisfrom the newsyou can now withdraw eos from binancetechnical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewby dropping one percent yesterday, it means prices are narrowly consolidating along our, title=eos, iota, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin technical analysis: altcoins waiting on bitcoin (btc), summary=Bitcoin (BTC) Technical Analysis: Litecoin, eos, Iota, Stellar Lumens and EOS, bleu=0.0524
summarize:it’s no secret that eos is a promising project but it isn’t short of drama. after several voting issues, ram speculation dominates headlines and prohibiting dapp implementation because ram is expensive. as this happens, litecoin and stellar lumens (ltc) are finding support. in my view, iota looks promising and as it prints a double bottom in the daily chart, odds are we might see gains in the coming days. lets’ have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewthe odds are tipped negatively against users planning on using the eosio blockchain to run a dapp or execute a smart contract. it’s all about ram, a network level resource that’s the center of speculation. it’s emerging that block producers are collaborating to, title=eos whales cornering the ram market, driving prices up: eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron and iota technical analysis, summary=Litecoin (LTC) Technical Analysis – iota, Stellar Lumens and XRP, bleu=0.0188
summarize:key highlightsripple price recovered recently, but it is facing a significant resistance near $0.4500 against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $0.4400 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair could correct lower, but it is likely to make another attempt to clear the $0.4500 resistance. ripple price jumped sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must clear the $0.4500 resistance to accelerate gains towards the $0.5000 level. ripple price trendrecently, there was a sharp downside move below $0.4400 in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded below the $0.4200 support level, but it found support near $0.4150. a low was formed at $0.4142 and later the price started an upward move. the, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd struggling near $0.4500, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Clear $0.4500, bleu=0.075
summarize:it’s bad guys and if anything, we can start meditating and hope satoshi appears out of thin air to support btc. vitalik in the meantime can say something so nice to neutralize all this fuds. eth and btc drives cryptocurrencies prices and if there is indirect threat of their underlying economics through outright ban of icos without reconsideration or excessive regulation, prices tumble. they already are. neo, eos, lumens, ltc and nem (despite recent higher highs) are on a meltdown. however, you are probably a trader reading this. the first reaction is to liquidate your da holdings until btc finds strong footing say at $5000 or there about. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (s, title=neo, eos, ltc, nem, lumens: technical analysis march 15, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, BTC, IOTA, NEM, EOS, S&P 500: Technical Analysis – XLM/USD, bleu=0.0194
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is currently facing a strong resistance near $1,160 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,160 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair might dip a few points, but the overall bias is positive above the $1,100 support level. bitcoin cash price remains in an uptrend above $1,100 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to move past $1,160 and $1,180 to gain upside momentum. bitcoin cash price resistancethere were mostly ranging moves above the $1,100 support area in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price traded towards the $1,170 level, but it failed to move further higher. a high was formed near $1,168 before the price started a downside correction. at the moment, it seems like there is, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd eyeing upside break, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,100, bleu=0.0309
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price appears to be forming an inverse head and shoulders pattern on its 1-hour time frame. this is considered a classic reversal signal and if confirmed, price could pull up from its earlier drop. technical indicators are also reflecting the presence of bullish momentum. bitcoin price might be forming an inverse head and shoulders pattern as it moves to test the neckline soon. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is crossing above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is now to the upside. this adds confirmation that the uptrend could carry on from here, possibly enough to take bitcoin price past the neckline at the $6,600 level. if so, bitcoin price could climb by around $1,000 since this is the height of the inverse head and shoulders reversal pattern. rsi is also pointing up to signal that buyers, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: could this be a reversal pattern?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can XRP/USD Break $6,600?, bleu=0.0286
summarize:even with our altcoins optimism, there seem to be no demand to buoy further higher highs. we can rightly see that in stellar lumens, litecoin and iota charts. most noteworthy from all altcoins under our review is iota which is simply ‘flat” despite announcement of iota hub. this hub allows for easy exchanges integration and listing of iota. by all accounts that was bullish but as long as prices are below $1, we are neutral but with a heavy bearish leaning. eos technical analysisfrom the newsdan larimer, the cto at block one is proposing new ways of better improving network efficiency, network resource redistribution and utilization. as it stands, the eosio network has no better way of resource distribution which in turn opens channel for retail or small scale, title=iota, eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron technical analysis: coin specific news do support altcoins bulls, summary=iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, IOTA Technical Analysis: eos Is Not a Better Way to Distribute Resource, bleu=0.0504
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price found support above $8,000 and recovered nicely against the us dollar. there is a breakout pattern forming with resistance near $8,500 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the $8,500 resistance the 100 hourly simple moving average to gain momentum. bitcoin price is struggling to break the $8,500 resistance against the us dollar. btc/usd may trade in a range above $8,200 before the next move. bitcoin price analysisafter forming a base around the $8,080, bitcoin price started an upside recovery against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair managed to move above the $8,200 resistance level to post intraday gains. it also broke the 23.6% fib retracement level of the decline from the $8,854 high to $8,080, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd struggling near $8,500, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $8,200, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is slowly gaining pace and is currently trading above $950 against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $925 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is now trading above the $940 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is trading nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar. bch/usd may correct a few points, but it could find support near the $940-950 levels. bitcoin cash price supportthere was a slow and steady upside move initiated from the $903 swing low in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price traded higher and managed to move above a major resistance near $920. moreover, there was a break above the $930 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the best part, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd could move higher, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $940, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key highlightsripple price remained under a bearish pressure and it traded below the $2.00 level against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted major bearish trend line with current resistance at $2.25 is intact on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the price may extend its decline and it could even trade towards the $1.70 level. ripple price is struggling to recover against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd might continue to decline and is currently well below $2.00. ripple price upside hurdleyesterday, we saw the start of a new downside wave in ripple price from well above $2.80 against the us dollar. the price recovered once above the $2.20 level. however, the upside move was capped by the $2.50 level. moreover, the 61.8% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $2, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd extends decline, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsada price made a nice upside move from the $0.0845 low and broke $0.100 against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $0.0980 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair must is currently correcting lower and it remains well supported above $0.090. cardano price is following a bullish path against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to move past $0.1000 and $0.1100 for more gains in the near term. cardano price analysisthere was a decent support base formed near $0.0845 in cardano price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair started an upside move and traded above the $0.090 and $0.1000 resistance levels. it even broke the $0.1100 level, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd remains supported above $0.090, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1279
summarize:fomo momentsafter several days of bullish momentum crypto markets have slid back once again quashing hopes of any real recovery. the selloff started yesterday during the us session and has continued into today as all gains since friday have been wiped out. bitcoin has led the decline by falling 3.5% on the day to $7,430 and ethereum has taken a bigger hit dropping 5.5% to $585. no news has initiated the fall; it has just become an expected symptom of a sideways market. altcoins are predictably in the red this morning in asia, and just as predictably the only one that performs well during a selloff is digixdao. everything in the top 25 has plummeted according to coinmarketcap. to find an altcoin in the green we have to go way down the list to spot 50 where dgd is trading 17%, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: gold backed digixdao defies selloff, summary=Bitcoin, EOS, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether: Cryptocurrency Price Analysis – XRP/USD Falling, bleu=0.0165
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets have been bullish for the past 24 hours however this pattern is similar to what we have witnessed in previous weeks so the bears may not be out of the woods yet. bitcoin has struggled to gain momentum but has inched slowly back towards $7,000 – it currently trades just under at $6,950, up 1.7% on the day. altcoins are predominantly in the green during this morning’s asian trading session but one seems to be on fire at the moment and that coin is eos. eos has surged 45% according to coinmarketcap and has supplanted litecoin for fifth place in the charts. trading this time yesterday at around $6, this altcoin is up to $8.80 today. over the week eos has been pretty flat ranging around the $5.80 mark, that is until it started to pump around 20, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top is altcoin eos, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: eos, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0272
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price continues to trend lower but is currently testing short-term support. a bullish divergence can be seen on stochastic, signaling a possible bounce back to the top. the fibonacci retracement tool shows the nearby upside targets. bitcoin price could be due for a bounce off the channel support back to the nearby fibonacci retracement levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. the gap between the moving averages is also widening to reflect strengthening bearish pressure. this signals that a break of support is still plausible. however, rsi is already indicating oversold conditions and may be ready to pull up. in that case, bitcoin price could retreat to the 38.2% fib near the mid-, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: short-term bullish divergence seen?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break Support, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price is under heavy pressure and is currently trading well below $0.1300 against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial bearish trend line formed with resistance at $0.1210 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is likely to continue its downside move towards the $0.1100 support level in the near term. cardano price extended its slide against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd remains at a risk of more losses towards the $0.1100 and $0.1000 levels. cardano price analysisthere was a minor upside move above the $0.1250 level recently in ada price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair traded towards $0.1300, but it failed to gain upside momentum. as a result, there was a downside reaction and the price declined below, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd could test $0.1100, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.1100, bleu=0.1585
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is well supported above the $1,160-1,180 support area against the us dollar. buyers are attempting an upside break above a bearish trend line with resistance at $1,250 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair may rise in the short term towards the $1,300 and $1,325 resistance levels. bitcoin cash price is positioned nicely above the $1,160 support area against the us dollar. bch/usd may slowly gain pace and move higher towards the $1,350 level. bitcoin cash price consolidationit seems like bitcoin cash price is consolidating above the $1,160 support level against the us dollar. there were a couple of attempts to break the $1,150-60 support zone, but sellers failed. the price remained above the 38.2% fib retracement level of the move from the $934 low to $1, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis–bch/usd remains supported, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1,350, bleu=0.0618
summarize:nick szabo, who many believe to be satoshi nakamoto believe the combination of btc future uncertainty, political opposition and a host of other crypto competitors precipitates recent volatility. however, as it is he thinks btc prices would decline until we see stable growth. so, the underlying word here is decline and that’s why we should be selling eos, litecoin, stellar, tron and iota until the effects of usdt wane out. volatility in bitcoin from temporary uncertainty about its future (vs. both political opposition & crypto competitors), not from its supply limit. as these uncertainties decline its volatility will decline until it reflects more the uncertainty in fiat than its own.— nick szabo (@nickszabo4) june 21, 2018let’s have a look at these charts, title=nick szabo says bitcoin price will decline more, eos, litecoin, tron, iota technical analysis, summary=btc, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, EOS: Traders Should Sell Until Usdt wanes, bleu=0.0305
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price failed to recover above the $6,750 and $6,800 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line formed with resistance at $6,700 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair traded below the $6,500 support, which is a bearish sign in the near term. bitcoin price declined further below $6,500 against the us dollar. btc/usd could recover a few points, but upsides are likely to be capped by the $6,700 and $6,800 levels. bitcoin price analysisthere was a minor upside correction from the $6,600 support area in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded close to the $6,800 and $6,900 resistance levels where sellers appeared. the price also failed to move above the 38.2% fib, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd breaks key support, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Recover a Few Points, bleu=0.115
summarize:in the top 10, eos tops the losers list after shedding 14 percent last week. technically, it seems like eos might add up their losses especially if prices fail to breach $18.55 in the coming days. on the flip side, iota leads the toppers after gaining 15 percent and news of porsche partnership is definitely buoying prices. this and litecoin recovery is what we should be looking at today. let look at these charts:eosusd (eos)eos 4hr chart by trading viewso, over the weekend weiss cryptocurrency ratings ended up praising eos. this is not a surprise because considering the accelerated work going on with eosio. of course they are preparing to launch next month so many would be lauding the good work going on at eos github., title=iota, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin, eos: technical analysis for may 7, 2018, summary=Litecoin Price Watch: eos, iota and weiss Ratings, bleu=0.0267
summarize:key highlightsada price climbed higher and broke the $0.1500 and $0.1700 resistance levels against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial bullish trend line in place with support at $0.1600 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may perhaps continue to move higher and it could revisit the $0.2000 resistance zone. cardano price is surging against the us dollar, ethereum and bitcoin. ada/usd remains in a solid uptrend and it might accelerate further higher. cardano price analysisafter a minor dip, cardano price formed a support base near the $0.1500 level against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair climbed higher and broke a couple of important resistances such as $0.1500 and $0.1700. buyers were able to push the price, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd surging towards $0.20, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Breaks $0.1500, bleu=0.1499
summarize:key highlightseth price jumped higher sharply and moved above the $780 resistance level against the us dollar. there is an ascending channel forming with support at $760 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair remains in a solid uptrend, and any downsides are likely to find support around $756 and $746. ethereum price surged higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd moved above the $780 level and it looks set to extend gains in the near term. ethereum price supportthere was a solid increase in buying interest as eth price moved above the $750 resistance level against the us dollar. yesterday, we discussed that the price could move above the $725 level. it not only broke the $725 level, but moved higher by more than $50. during the upside, it broke the $765 and $780, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd skyrockets above $780, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $725, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price corrected higher and moved above the $6,350 resistance against the us dollar. there is a key ascending channel forming with support at $6,300 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is facing a couple of important resistances near the $6,630 and $6,680 levels. bitcoin price is slowly rebounding from $6,200 against the us dollar. btc/usd must clear the $6,680 resistance and the 100 hourly sma to gain bullish momentum. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we discussed bitcoin price could rebound further from the $6,100 support against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair did move higher and broke the $6,350 and $6,550 resistance levels. the move was positive since the price broke the 38.2% fib retracement level, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd hesitates, but further gains possible, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Rebounds Above $6,300, bleu=0.116
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price struggled to gain traction and moved below the $6,200 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line with resistance at $6,200 is acting as a barrier on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair remains at a risk of a downside break below $6,000 if it fails to move above $6,200. bitcoin price is under pressure below $6,200 against the us dollar. btc/usd must stay above the $6,000 support to avoid further losses in the near term. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we saw a major rejection near the $6,300 resistance in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair slowly and steadily declined and moved below the $6,200 support area. there was a failure noted around the 61.8% fib, title=bitcoin price watch: can btc/usd hold $6,000?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,200, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined recently after buyers failed to push it above $0.7100 against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted crucial ascending channel with support at $0.6860 was broken on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is now trading below the $0.6800 support level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price made a bearish turn against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may correct lower towards the $0.6600 support in the near term. ripple price resistancethere was no upside break above the $0.7100 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded as high as $0.7060 before sellers appeared and pushed the price lower. a fresh bearish wave was initiated and the price declined below the $0.7000 support. the decline was such that the price also settled below the 0.6800 support level and the 100 hour, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd’s downside break, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Correct Below $0.6600, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price remained in a range and consolidated above the $680 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line is intact with current resistance near $720 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses as long as it is below the $710 and $720 resistance levels. bitcoin cash price is struggling to move above $710 against the us dollar. bch/usd is currently consolidating and it remains at a risk of further declines. bitcoin cash price trendafter a major decline below the $700 level, bitcoin cash price found support near $680 against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair formed a low near $683 and later it started a minor upside correction. it moved above the $690 level, but it failed to move past the $700, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd consolidating above $680, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains at Risk of Further Declines, bleu=0.0978
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price declined recently and cleared a major support at $15.50 against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $15.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to move down towards the next supports at $14.50 and $14.20. ethereum classic price is currently under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd settled below $15.50, which is a short-term bearish sign. ethereum classic price resistanceafter a decent upside move, etc price faced a strong selling interest below the $16.50 level against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded as high as $16.44 before starting a downside correction. it declined and moved below a few support levels such as $16.00 and $15.80. the most important, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd broke key support, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0375
summarize:fomo momentsmonday morning in crypto land brings a pretty flat market to start the week. traders have been resting over the weekend and there has been little movement in either direction for many of the altcoins. bitcoin barely moved over the past two days and has remained steady at around $9,700. a few of the altcoins are up a couple of percent and a few are down a couple but one that is in double figures this morning is litecoin. coinmarketcap has ltc up 11% on the day during the morning’s asian trading session. this time 24 hours ago it was trading at $205 and this morning it is up to $230. litecoin peaked at $252 on feb 21 but has fallen back by 20% over the week, today however it has rallied upwards once again. ltc is higher month on, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is litecoin, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Litecoin, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0202
summarize:key highlightsripple price is currently holding gains above the $0.7200 support level against the us dollar. there is a crucial ascending channel in place with support at $0.7300 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may rise in the near term if buyers succeed in breaking the $0.7500 and $0.7580 resistance levels. ripple price is placed in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to climb higher towards $0.8000 if it breaks the $0.7580 resistance. ripple price supportsthere was a no major bearish move below $0.7000 during the past few hours in ripple price against the us dollar. the price stayed above the $0.7000 and $0.7100 support levels and is currently trading with a bullish angle. earlier, there was a downside correction from the $0.7485 high. during the correction, title=ripple price analysis: can xrp/usd make it?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.7000, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is trading in a contracting range with support above the $6,600 level against the us dollar. there is a major contracting triangle in place with resistance around $6,740 level on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to make the next move either above $6,750 or below $6,600 in the near term. bitcoin price is trading in a positive zone above $6,610 against the us dollar. btc/usd is preparing for the next move either above $6,750 or below $6,600. bitcoin price analysisduring the past few hours, there were many attempts to surpass the $6,750 resistance by bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair struggled to gain momentum above $6,750 and traded in a range. the last swing low was formed at $6, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd forming breakout pattern above $6,600, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,600, bleu=0.1458
summarize:key highlightseth price gained traction recently and moved above the $680 resistance against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $680 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is positioned nicely above the $680 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum price is back in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may continue to move higher and it could soon break the $712 high. ethereum price trenda positive bias was initiated from the $625 support area in eth price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and moved above the $645 and $660 resistance levels. it also moved above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $712 swing high to $594 low. it indicates that, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd gaining momentum, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $712, bleu=0.1261
summarize:while the crypto market is in a general bear slide, ripple is amongst the top performers in the last 24 hours. to quantify, ripple is up three percent rejecting sellers’ attempt to drive prices towards 40 cents which double ups as q2 and april lows. 40 cents is basically a key support line in our analysis and all things constant, it might as well as be a spring board for buyers in the days to come. from the newsjust a single announcement from the sec and various coin supporters are already churning dissertations explaining why their digital assets are utilities. according to the sec, decentralization is the top consideration and a filter that qualifies a coin as a security or a utility. as we all know, xrp token and ripple labs are one and the same thing. xrp token came to existence because of the r, title=sec oversee ripple investors’ interests and endorsement important: ripple (xrp) technical analysis (june 20, 2018), summary=xrp, ripple, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Price Analysis – XRP Tokens Are Utility, bleu=0.0258
summarize:key highlightsada price started a downside correction after trading above the $0.1500 level against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at 0.1450 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair must stay above the $0.1450 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average to stay in a bullish zone. cardano price is currently correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must hold the $0.1450 support to resume its upside move back above $0.1500. cardano price analysisduring the past three days, there were decent gains above $0.1500 in ada price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair traded above the $0.1600 level and formed a high at $0.1610. later, a downside, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd testing key support, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightseth price declined heavily and broke the $375 and $360 support levels against the us dollar. there is a short-term declining channel formed with resistance near the $362 level on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair could correct higher in the short term towards the $370, $375 and $380 levels. ethereum price remained in a bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently correcting higher and it may perhaps test the $380 hurdle. ethereum price recoverythere were further slides in eth price below the $375 support level against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair even broke the $360 support and spiked below the $350 level. a low was formed near the $347 level and the price is currently correcting higher. it moved above the $355 level,, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd could correct to $375-380, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.1062
summarize:question is: will altcoins continue charting its way up now that buyers are picking prices from key support levels? in my opinion, it looks likely but i’m a little bit skeptical about neo bull pressure. mind you, this token was resilient and didn’t full go to the dregs like the rest. in fact, all things equal, the recovery has been swift insinuating buy pressure but i cannot recommend buys unless i see a strong reaction above $140. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlmusd daily chart for february 20, 2018prices are still oscillating within february 18 bear candlestick and from the chart, we notice that lumens is actually facing a little bit of sell pressure. even though we still are optimistic that prices may continue moving higher in the coming sessions,, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iot and lumens, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: XLM/USDXL, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis, Feb. 20, bleu=0.0196
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price remained in a positive zone above the $1,000 level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance near $1,200 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to settle above the $1,200 barrier to gain traction in the near term. bitcoin cash price is placed in a bullish zone against the us dollar. bch/usd will most likely trade in a range before making an attempt to surpass $1,200. bitcoin cash price resistancethere were a few swing moves above the $1,000 level this past week in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price dipped once towards the $1,000 support with a minor bearish angle. there was a break below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $868 low to $1,, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd bullish above $1,200, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,200, bleu=0.0684
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price gained traction and jumped above the $840 and $850 resistances against the us dollar. there was a break above a declining channel with resistance at $810 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is placed nicely in an uptrend and it could retest the $890 and $900 resistance levels. bitcoin cash price is surging higher against the us dollar. bch/usd is primed to extend gains above the $880 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price trendthere was a strong buying interest emerged around the $770 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair started an upward move and jumped above the $800 resistance. the move was strong as the price settled above the $825 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average. later, bch buyers, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd surging above $750, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Retest $880, bleu=0.0367
summarize:stellar lumens price key highlightsstellar lumens is currently retreating from its highs but may be waiting for more bullish pressure to kick in. price is currently testing the 38.2% fibonacci retracement level, with the area of interest still a bit lower. technical indicators seem to be supporting a continuation of the bullish run. stellar lumens is in correction mode and may find more bullish energy waiting right at the fib retracement levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is safely above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this signals that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the gap seems to be widening to signal strengthening bullish pressure also. however, stellar lumens just broke below the 100 sma dynamic support to indicate that a bit of bear, title=stellar lumens (xlmusd) price watch: major correction underway?, summary=Stellar Lumens Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently broke below its symmetrical triangle pattern an hit a low of $9,763.20. price seems to be finding some support from here, so a pullback opportunity may be underway. applying the fib tool on the breakout move shows the potential resistance levels. bitcoin price made a bearish breakout from a consolidation pattern, but a correction seems imminent to the nearby fib levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is crossing below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that bearish momentum is picking up. in addition, these moving averages are close to the broken triangle support to add to its strength as potential resistance from here. this also coincides with the 50% retracement level around $11,000. a higher pullback could last until the 61.8% fib at $11,297.20. after all, rsi has some room, title=btc price tech analysis for 02/01/2018 – bearish pullback opportunity, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Poloniex, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Zcash: a Pullback Possible, bleu=0.0165
summarize:from the charts, it’s likely that eos, litecoin, iota and even tron buyers will continue with their upward trajectory after yesterday’s rejection of lower lows. it’s important to note that this injection of buy momentum happened right at key support lines. solely because of this and the way our charts are set up, we expect further altcoin gains this week. let’s have a look at the charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewwhat a nice coincidence: as the eosio blockchain throughput continues to prove critics wrong, eos prices found support. it’s with this hindsight that mike novogratz thinks the commercial dapps and smart contracts platform would soon be processing over 50,000 tps. of course, eos investors including mike, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: altcoins priming for further gains, summary=eos, Litecoin, Iota and tron Technical Analysis – XRP, EOS, Poloniex, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0455
summarize:neo price key highlightsneo has formed lower highs and higher lows to trade inside a symmetrical triangle formation on its 4-hour chart. price is currently testing support and might be due for another bounce to the top at $38. a breakout in either direction could lead to a rally or a selloff that’s the same height as the triangle pattern. neo price is consolidating inside a symmetrical triangle on its 4-hour chart and is currently testing support. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma so the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, the gap is narrow enough to signal that a bearish crossover is also a possibility. a break below support around $34 could be enough to draw selling pressure in and lead to a sell, title=neo price watch: another long-term chart formation, summary=neo Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $38, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key highlightseth price is positioned nicely above the $438.00 and $435.00 support levels against the us dollar. there is a key contracting triangle formed with resistance near $455 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may perhaps break the triangle resistance to trade further higher towards $480. ethereum price is back in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd has to clear the $455 resistance to stage more gains in the near term. ethereum price resistancerecently, there was a solid upside move above the $430 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair broke the $445 and $450 resistance levels. it traded as high as $463.91 before starting a short-term consolidation. it corrected lower below the $450 level and broke the 23., title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd could break higher, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $480, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key pointsbitcoin gold price is slowly moving higher toward the $200 level against the us dollar. there is a short-term bullish trend line forming with support at $185 on the hourly chart of btg/usd (data feed from bitfinex). the pair is currently correcting lower and is holding the $180 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin gold price is trading positively above the $180 level against the us dollar. btg/usd may soon make the next move either above $200 or below $180. bitcoin gold price supportthere was a slow and steady rise initiated from the $166 low in bitcoin gold price against the us dollar. the price managed to move higher and broke the $175 and $180 resistance levels. it even traded close to the $200 level, which is a major resistance. a high was formed at $199.57 from where a downside correction was initiated, title=btc gold price tech analysis – btg/usd approaching short-term break, summary=Bitcoin Gold Price Technical Analysis – btg/usd Could Break $200, bleu=0.1934
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still in correction mode but appears to be bouncing off the trend line support. applying the fibonacci extension tool shows how high price could go if the trend line holds. technical indicators are signaling that the uptrend is about to resume. bitcoin price is finding support at the area of interest on the trend line, 200 sma, and $10,000 mark so the rally might resume from here. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma on this time frame so the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the rally is more likely to resume than to reverse. also, the 200 sma lines up with the rising trend line connecting the latest lows. stochastic is pulling up from oversold levels to signal that bullish pressure is returning. similarly, rsi is also turning higher to show, title=btc price technical analysis for 02/22/2018 – potential bounce targets, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can Bitcoin Price Recover?, bleu=0.0281
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price recovered recently, but it struggled to break the $1,500 resistance against the us dollar. there was a break below a short-term contracting triangle pattern with support at $1,450 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may decline a few points towards the $1,400 and $1,380 support levels. bitcoin cash price is struggling to gain momentum above $1,500 against the us dollar. bch/usd could decline once again if buyers lose control in the short term. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a decent recovery over the weekend as bitcoin cash price moved above the $1,450 resistance against the us dollar. however, the price struggled to break the $1,500 resistance, which was also a support earlier. moreover, the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is currently at $1,490 also, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd struggling near $1,500, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Decline, bleu=0.0372
summarize:key highlightsripple price struggled to break the $0.4650 resistance and declined below $0.4500 against the us dollar. there was a break below an ascending channel with support at $0.4550 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently under pressure and it could even break the last swing low near $0.4300. ripple price failed to gain momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is back in a bearish zone with an immediate support near $0.4300. ripple price declineyesterday, there was a tiny upside move above $0.4550 in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded above the $0.4600 level, but it failed to move above the $0.4650 resistance area. more importantly, there was a failure near the previous swing high and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd could break $0.4300, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Could Break $0.4300, bleu=0.1585
summarize:today, tron (trx) shall take center stage and many are expectant to hear some price boosting news. already, tron (trx) bulls are setting the pace adding eight percent in the last day and pushing trx back into the top ten. as that happens, iota might continue bouncing off 90 cents buoying bulls. let’s see these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewfrom the newsbitpanda avails eos across austria—opening up further investmentsyou can now buy @eos_io with cash at 400 post branches and 1300 post partners throughout austria. conveniently redeemable online within seconds, all you need is an email address. #eosio #bitpanda #bitpandatogo pic.twitter.com/kp6, title=tron (trx), eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, iota technical analysis: stellar lumens up 80 percent in july as tron (trx) supporters tune in for “secret project” announcement, summary=tron (trx) bulls are pushing iota back into the top ten with a 10% gain, bleu=0.0553
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined further and broke a major support at $1,150 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,160 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps continue to move down and it could even break the $1,100 support level. bitcoin cash price is accelerating declines below $1,200 against the us dollar. bch/usd is now well below $1,150 and eyes a downside break below $1,100. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was no major upside recovery in bitcoin cash price above $1,220 against the us dollar. the mentioned $1,220 level acted as a hurdle for buyers, resulting in more declines. the price declined further, settled below the $1,200 level, and broke the $1,150 support level. the recent downside break, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd bearish below $1,150, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,100, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key highlightsripple price traded to a new weekly low below $0.4250 before recovering against the us dollar. there is a new major bearish trend line in place with resistance near $0.4450 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is recovering nicely, but it has to break the $0.4450 and $0.4500 resistances to gain further. ripple price bounced back from lows against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now facing a crucial resistance near the $0.4450 level. ripple price upside hurdlethere was an extended decline below the $0.4300 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair declined further and broke the $0.4250 support area. a new weekly low was formed at $0.4229 before the price started an upside recovery. there was a decent bounce and the price moved, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd recovers sharply, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.4500, bleu=0.1057
summarize:most coins under our focus have been on a slide for the better part of the year. it seems like it may continue at iota especially if sellers continue to push prices below $1 and 90 cents in the days to come. like $110 and $90 is important for litecoin, 90 cents which is a key support line for our analysis is important for iota. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewthe success of any blockchain depends on protocol developments and that’s perhaps the reason why eos occupies top spot according to ccid’s data. the ccid works under the chinese ministry of ict and it’s their objectives to rate and rank top performing blockchains. their selection criteria are based on creativity, application and technology. as marketed, eos performs as expected according to the model used and, title=eos, iota, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron technical analysis: chinese billionaire says justin sun of tron a scammer, summary=eos Technical Analysis – iota, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0456
summarize:key highlightseth price is under a lot of pressure and is struggling to correct higher even by $25 against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with current resistance at $450 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses and it may soon break the $430 level in the near term. ethereum price is facing heavy selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may extend the current decline towards the $430 and $420 levels. ethereum price declinethe current structure is bearish below $480 in eth price against the us dollar. the price is struggling to even correct higher by more than $25. it settled below the $480 level and it remains at a risk of more losses. the recent low was formed near $440 before the price started a short-, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd could decline further, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $430, bleu=0.1261
summarize:week over week, bitcoin cash is down 11 percent and compounding this is the four percent loss from yesterday. now even though this might be negative, bch prices might find support. when they do, we shall wait for recovery above $850 in line with our overall bitcoin cash (bch) trade plan. from the newsafter partnering with bitcoin. com, the bitcoin cash mouth piece, fuzex has decided to replace bitcoin with bitcoin cash. this comes days after roger ver became their main advisor. as a payment platform that will make it possible for every day users to pay for merchandise or service using bitcoin cash and a couple of other coins, the team cited inherent qualities found only in bitcoin cash as speed, fees and reliability as the main reasons for switching sides. it’s exactly one year since bitcoin cash came to existence after forking off from bitcoin. even though the turbulence has been big, still the coin is, title=bitcoin cash (bch) technical analysis: bch solid despite sellers, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bCH, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Cash, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price is struggling to break the $585-587 resistance area against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted major bullish trend line is intact with support at $565 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair must stay above the $565 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average to avoid a downside reaction. ethereum price is consolidating in a range against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd should not break the 100 hourly sma to stay in a bullish zone. ethereum price supportthere was a slight upside push above the $575 resistance in eth price against the us dollar. however, buyers failed to retain momentum above the $585 and $587 resistances levels. a short-term high was formed at $586.31 and later the price started a downside correction. it declined, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd holding key support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $585, bleu=0.0677
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price attempted an upside recovery and tested the $770-780 resistance against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted crucial bearish trend line in intact with resistance at $760 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the $760, $770 and $775 resistance zone to gain traction in the near term. bitcoin cash price is struggling to break the $775 resistance against the us dollar. bch/usd may trade in a range before making an attempt to break $770-780. bitcoin cash price upside hurdlethere was a minor upside move above the $700 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair managed to move above the $750 resistance zone and traded with a few bullish moves. there was a break above the 38.2% fib retracement level, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd struggling near $775, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $770, bleu=0.1236
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined sharply from the $2.80 swing high to well below $2.00 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $2.50 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the price may continue to struggle to break the $2.50 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is under bearish pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could face an increase selling pressure around $2.50 in the near term. ripple price resistanceyesterday, i pointed out an increase in selling pressure on ripple price below $3.00 against the us dollar. the price failed to make an upside move above $2.80 and started a major decline. the downside move was very strong as the price dipped below the $2.50 and $2.00 support levels. it even moved below the, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd under pressure, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $2.50, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is facing a major resistance near the $15.50 level against the us dollar. there is also a key bearish trend line in place with resistance near $15.40 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may decline once again as long as it is below the $15.50 resistance level. ethereum classic price is struggling to gain upside momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd must break the $15.50 hurdle for more gains in the near term. ethereum classic price upside hurdleafter forming a low near the $14.75 level, etc price recovered and moved above the $15.00 resistance against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair recovered above the $15.20 resistance and even broke the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $16.45 high to $14.75 low, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd facing tough resistance, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – etc/usd Recovers Above $15.50, bleu=0.115
summarize:most alt coins under our radar are recovering. iota for example is finding support at $1.7 while litecoin buyers are loading up at around our previous support line. from our previous altcoins analysis, it’s a straight buys on dips for litecoin, stellar lumens and iota with targets in line with our initial price projections. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens 4hr chart by trading viewthe crypto sphere pendulum continues and by now, we can conclude that there is a slight and positive correlation between the oscillation of the stock market and the declines in cryptos. as it is, stellar lumens is set to benefit whenever there are negative movements in the later. basing our overview on analysts’ opinions, stellar lumens, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 27, 2018, summary=Litecoin, iota, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Poloniex: Technical Analysis – XLM/USD Boosted, bleu=0.0565
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined and broke the $730 and $705 support levels against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance at $710 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above $710 and $730 to start a decent recovery in the near term. bitcoin cash price is under pressure below the $730 pivot level against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps recover, but upsides could be capped. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a crucial failure above the $750 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair started a downside move and broke the $735 and $705 support levels. bch even traded below the $700 level and formed a new monthly low at $684. it is currently trading well below the $730 pivot, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd bearish below $730, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0312
summarize:contrary to sentiment and upbeat expectation from within the crypto market, ethereum is struggling against sellers. at spot prices, the second largest coin is down four percent. this is amid claims of discontentment by some developers that the constantinople hard fork deadline and expectations are overwhelming—if not unrealistic. from the newsin a bid to contribute towards a more open financial system that helps foster creation of equal opportunities, efficiency and above all economic freedom via cryptocurrency and blockchain, coinbase will try to evangelize the benefits of crypto and innovate ways of spurring institutional and individual adoption across the globe. recent initiatives in europe demonstrate their intentions say zeeshan feroz, the ceo of coinbase uk. though the community is thirsty and expectant that coinbase shall add more digital assets on to their platform, the crypto exchange platform has taken massive strides that have seen a spike in user experience satisfaction, title=ethereum (eth) technical analysis: ethereum (eth) the most undervalued in the top 10, summary=ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens: Cryptocurrency Market Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0256
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is holding an important support at $8,000 against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line in place with resistance at $8,300 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must clear the $8,300 barrier to resume its upward move above the $8,500 level. bitcoin price is consolidating gains above $8,000 against the us dollar. btc/usd could trade to new a monthly high if it succeeds in settling above $8,300. bitcoin price analysisafter declining below the $8,000 level, bitcoin price found support near $7,800 against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair trimmed most its losses and traded back above the $8,000 level. there was even a break above the 50% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $8,503 high to, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd must break $8,300 to resume uptrend, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Recovers Above $8,300, bleu=0.1342
summarize:tron price key highlightstron is still in correction mode as it waits for bulls to return at nearby support zones. applying the fibonacci retracement tool on the latest swing low and high shows that the 61.8% level lines up with an area of interest. if bulls are eager to charge, the higher fibs might be enough to keep losses in check. tron is in correction from its recent upside break and rally, with bulls waiting at the fibonacci retracement levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the gap between the moving averages is widening to signal strengthening bullish momentum. tron is currently testing the 100 sma dynamic inflection point, which might be enough, title=tron (trx/usd) price technical analysis for 05/10/2018 – where buy orders are waiting, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – 61.8% Fibonacci Resistance, bleu=0.0149
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to recover further and declined below the $690 support against the us dollar. there was a break below an ascending channel with support at $690 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair traded as low as $656 and it is currently correcting losses towards $680. ethereum price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now well below $700 and it remains at a risk of more losses. ethereum price resistanceyesterday, there was a minor upside move above $700 in eth price against the us dollar. however, the price was not able to move above the $720 resistance. it traded as high as $719.77 before it started a downside move. the price declined sharply and moved below the $700 support level. the decline was strong as there was, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd’s support turned resistance, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.075
summarize:ethereum classic price key highlightsethereum classic price got a big boost after coinbase and robinhood added the asset to their trading offerings. price is trending higher inside an ascending channel on the 4-hour chart and is testing the resistance. a break past this channel top could pave the way for an even sharper rally, but technical indicators have yet to catch on. ethereum classic is testing the top of its ascending channel and a breakout could lead to a steeper uptrend from the latest catalysts. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that there’s still a chance for sellers to return and allow the channel top to keep gains in check. rsi is already in the overbought zone to signal that buyers are feeling exhausted at this point., title=ethereum classic (etc) price watch: steeper climb underway with coinbase & robinhood?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – rsi Could Break Below 200 SMA, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price corrected higher but it struggled to move above the $1,080-1,100 against the us dollar. there is a significant bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,000 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from simplefx). the pair may continue to struggle and it could decline below the $950 support in the near term. bitcoin cash price is struggling to gain upside momentum against the us dollar. bch/usd remains at a risk of more losses below the $950 support. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a minor upside recovery initiated in bitcoin cash price from the $640 swing low against the us dollar. the price recovered above the $800 resistance and the 50% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $1,157 high to $640 swing low. moreover, there was a break above the $1,000 level and the $1, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd struggling to recover, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $950, bleu=0.1934
summarize:key highlightsripple price remains in a bearish trend below the $2.00 handle against the us dollar. there is a declining channel forming with current resistance at $1.90 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently in a declining mode and it could test the $1.70 support area in the near term. ripple price is struggling to recover against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to move above the $2.00 level to overcome the current selling pressure. ripple price resistanceafter a minor correction above the $2.20 level, ripple price struggled to move further higher against the us dollar. the price failed to stay above the $2.00 support and made a downside move. it traded below the $1.9870 support as well key $1.9500 level. moreover, there was a break below the 50% fib retrac, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd decline to extend, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Test $1.70, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is recovering and is currently trading above $1,100 against the us dollar. there was a break above a major contracting triangle with resistance at $1,040 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair is now trading comfortably above the $1,100 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price has moved in the positive zone against the us dollar. bch/usd may continue to gain momentum above the $1,150 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price supportthere was a decent recovery initiated from the $960 support area in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price traded higher and moved above the $1,000 and $1,050 resistance levels. the trend is positive since the price was able to close above the $1,000 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. moreover, there was a decent support base formed, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd to trade higher, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Moving Above $1,100, bleu=0.1934
summarize:key highlightsripple price traded toward the $1.7500 level before facing selling pressure against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1.5000 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may continue to correct lower in the short term toward the $1.3000 and $1.2500 support levels. ripple price is slowly moving down against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to break the $1.5000 resistance to gain upside momentum toward $1.7500. ripple price resistanceafter a nice upside move above the $1.7000 level, ripple price struggled to gain momentum against the us dollar. the price formed a high near $1.7440 and started a downside correction. it moved down and broke the $1.6000 support and the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $0.88, title=ripple technical analysis – xrp/usd struggling to gain momentum, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $1.5000, bleu=0.0403
summarize:just like most coins in the top 10, neo is sliding with bitcoin. so far, it is down 19 percent on a weekly basis and as the dump continues, bears are likely to break below $25, our main support line and the lower limit of the $20 trading range. remember, this erosion is happening at the back drop of solid fundamentals that are technically supportive of price. from the newsperhaps the announcement by the san francisco based dcex that it has plans of adding neo and cardano on top of their 15 cryptocurrencies on offer is a stand out. the exchange itself has xrp as its base currency and is just one of the many exchanges that see value and efficiency of adding xrp. alphapoint will power the exchange. in a medium post, neo said they will be partnering with an internet security audit firm, certik., title=neo technical analysis: neo market cap shrinks 85.7% from 2018 peaks, summary=neo Price Watch: XRP, Cardano, EOS, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, S&P 500: Analysis, bleu=0.0179
summarize:key highlightseth price found support near $271-272 and started an upward move against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line with resistance at $281 was breached on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair traded above the $290 and $295 levels, but sellers appeared near the $300 level. ethereum price is slowly gaining momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now placed nicely in a positive zone above the $284 level. ethereum price supportafter trading as low as $268.13, eth formed a base for an upward move against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair started trading higher and gained momentum above the $278 and $284 resistance levels. the price also surged above the $290 level and settled above the 100 hourly simple moving average. more importantly, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd surging, can buyers hold gains?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0563
summarize:key highlightseth price started a short-term correction and moved above the $275 level against the us dollar. this week’s followed important bearish trend line is in place with resistance at $300 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is likely to find a strong selling interest near the $295, $300 and $305 resistance levels. ethereum price recovered a few points against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now heading towards a monster resistance near $295-300. ethereum price upside hurdleyesterday, we saw a sharp drop towards the $250 level in eth price against the us dollar. later, the eth/usd pair found buyers and started an upside correction from the $249 swing low. it moved above the $260 and $275 resistance levels. moreover, there was a break above, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd correction facing hurdle near $300, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Moving Above $300, bleu=0.1458
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is stuck in a tight range between the $6,000 and $6,300 levels against the us dollar. there is a declining channel forming with resistance near $6,180 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must clear the trend line, $6,200 and $6,300 resistance levels to gain upside momentum. bitcoin price remained in a range above $6,000 against the us dollar. btc/usd needs to clear the $6,200-6,300 hurdle for an extended recovery in the near term. bitcoin price analysisduring the past three sessions, there was no major move above $6,220 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair remained confined in a range below the $6,300 resistance. the best part was the fact that buyers managed to hold the $6,000 support., title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd remains range bound, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Needs to Clear $6,300, bleu=0.115
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price remains in a bearish zone below the $1,200-20 resistance area against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,220 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair must stay above the $1,100 support area to avoid further declines in the near term. bitcoin cash price is struggling to move above the $1,220 resistance against the us dollar. bch/usd may even break the $1,100 support for further declines. bitcoin cash price declinethis past week, we saw a fresh downside move below $1,250 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price even traded and settled below the $1,200 support. it recently formed a low at $1,118 and is currently trading in a tiny range. it has moved above the 23.6% fib re, title=btc cash price technical analysis – bch/usd struggling below $1,220, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,100, bleu=0.0407
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently surged past an area of interest and may be due for a retest. using the fibonacci retracement tool shows where bulls might be waiting to join in. technical indicators are hinting at potential profit-taking and a continuation of the uptrend. bitcoin price could be due for a correction from its latest rally, and buyers are waiting to join in at the area of interest. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma recently made a bullish crossover from the 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. these moving averages are also close to the new ascending trend line forming on the 4-hour chart. the fibonacci retracement levels might also keep losses at bay and draw more bullish energy. in particular, the, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: buyers waiting for a pullback?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Retest Continue?, bleu=0.037
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is trading nicely above the $1,040 support level against the us dollar. there was a break above a key declining channel with resistance at $960 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently trading in a positive zone above $1,040 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price is stable and well above $1,000 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to clear the $1,100 resistance area to gain upside momentum. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a minor downside correction initiated from the $1,080 swing high in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price traded a few points lower, but the downside move was supported above the $1,000 level. later, it started moving higher once again and succeeded in settling above the $1,040 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average., title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd remains supported, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Above $1,000, bleu=0.1934
summarize:key highlightsripple price remained in a bearish trend and it traded below the $1.60 support against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted major bearish trend line with current resistance at $1.85 is preventing upsides on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the price remains at a risk of more losses as long as it is below the $1.80 level. ripple price declined further against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd tested the $1.50 level and it is currently placed in the bearish zone for more declines. ripple price declinethere was no respite for ripple price as it extended declines below the $1.75 level against the us dollar. the price moved down and broke the $1.60 support level as well to trade towards $1.50. a low was formed at $1.5002 and it seems like the, title=ripple technical analysis – xrp/usd bearish pressure escalates, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bearish, bleu=0.1355
summarize:fomo momentsthe momentum has returned and crypto markets are performing well this morning in asia. after a couple of days of sideways trading things are starting to move upwards once again and total market capitalization is moving towards the key $350 billion level which represents the high of the last rally. bitcoin is up 3% on the day and is currently trading at just under $8,200. altcoins are also performing well and are mostly in the green, the one streaking ahead this morning for the second day in a row is stellar lumens. coinmarketcap reports that xlm is outperforming all of the other cryptocurrencies in the top 25 once again and is trading 21% higher than this time yesterday. currently priced at $0.37 stellar has gained solidly from the $0.31 level it was at this time yesterday. weekly gains are also very impressive with 76% growth from $0.21 from this time last thursday., title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is stellar lumens, summary=Asian Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Xlm Outperforming Other Altcoins, bleu=0.0427
summarize:because of today’s tron virtual machine launch, traders should to capitalize on positive vibes around this event and tron prospects in general. we are already seeing support not only on tron but in all coins under our focus. as a matter of fact, the former is four percent in the green in the last 24 hours and odds are buyers might build up on yesterday’s gains. i recommend tron buys with stops at 6.5 cents or there about whenever you initiate long trades. eos price analysiseos daily chart by trading viewit’s only a few days before the eos-ethereum split which would see eos becoming independent and not syncing with the erc-20 standards. so, before this happen it’s better to remain cautious and play by what eos is advising. currently, we have a list of exchanges that shall support, title=john macafee: eos will hit $32 by end of july 2018: iota, tron, eos, litecoin and stellar lumens price analysis (may 25, 2018), summary=eos Price Analysis: tron, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, EOS, NEM, Poloniex, IOTA, S&P 500, bleu=0.0318
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is under pressure below the $15.00 pivot level against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $15.00 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently trading near $14.15 and it may extend the decline towards the $12.00 level. ethereum classic price is in a bearish trend against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is likely to remain in a downtrend towards $13.00 and $12.00. ethereum classic price trendthere was a strong rejection noted around the $15.80 and $16.00 resistances in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair started a downside move and declined below the $15.20 support. it even broke the $15.00 support and settled below the 100 hourly simple moving average. it opened the doors for, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd could revisit $12, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains in Downtrend, bleu=0.0339
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has been on a tear lately but has yet to break past another key resistance on its move higher. price has been trading inside a descending triangle on the daily chart and is just testing the top. a move past this level could encounter one more dynamic resistance before setting its longer-term climb. bitcoin price has broken one upside barrier after another and is testing another major one on its move higher. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, there’s still a chance for the selloff to resume from here. the shorter-term moving average also lines up with the triangle top at $7,600 to add to its strength as a ceiling. a break past this level could take bitcoin price up to the next dynamic resistance at the 200 sma near, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: another upside break in sight?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Break This?, bleu=0.0312
summarize:key highlightsripple price formed a decent support near the $0.3200 level and climbed higher against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $0.3240 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is moving higher and it seems like it could test the $0.3400 level in the near term. ripple price is climbing higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to slowly rise towards the $0.3400 and $0.3450 resistance levels. ripple price supportafter testing the $0.3120 support once again, ripple price recovered higher against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded above the $0.3200 level and also formed a decent support base near $0.3190-0.3200. later, the price started a fresh upside move and traded above the 23.6% fi, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd broke key resistance, could test $0.3400, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Test $0.3400, bleu=0.0584
summarize:key points  bitcoin cash price recovered further, but it failed to move above the $540 resistance area against the us dollar. there is an expanding triangle forming with current support at $492 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair could bounce back once again, but it has to break the $530-540 resistance zone for more gains. bitcoin cash price failed near a key resistance at $540 against the us dollar. bch/usd has to surpass the 100 hourly sma to gain bullish momentum. bitcoin cash price upside hurdleyesterday, there was a decent recovery in bitcoin cash price above the $500 resistance against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair moved higher and broke the $510 and $5220 resistance levels. there was even a spike above the 50% fib retracement level of the last drop, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd upsides capped near 100 sma, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $530, bleu=0.115
summarize:eos price key highlightseos price looks prime for a break of a short-term support zone, paving the way for further declines. price is also trending lower inside a descending channel visible on the 4-hour and daily time frames. horizontal support levels are also nearby, and buyers might be waiting to defend those areas once tested. eos is still in selloff mode as it bounced off the top of the descending channel and sets its sights on support. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that there’s still a chance for bulls to return, possibly on a break of the channel top around 8.000. however, the gap between the two moving averages is narrowing to signal weakening bullish momentum. at the same time, the 50, title=eos price watch: eyes on these next support zones, summary=eos Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break Support, bleu=0.0375
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price made a downside move recently and traded below $1800 against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1650 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the $1650 and $1700 resistance levels to gain upside traction. bitcoin cash price traded below the $1800 and $1700 supports against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to remain in a downtrend as long as it is below $1700. bitcoin cash price declinethere was a steady decline noted in bitcoin cash price from the $2000 swing high against the us dollar. the price declined and moved below the $1800 and $1700 support levels. it even broke the 50% fib retracement level of the last upside leg from the $1350 low to $2132 high. it opened the doors for more losses and, title=bitcoin price technical analysis–bch/usd struggle below $1800, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1700, bleu=0.0684
summarize:despite our buy projections, sell pressure is evidently strong and quickly reversing previous gains. even though most coins as stellar lumens, iota and litecoin are still trending within june 14 anchor candlestick, it’s very possible that bears might break lower and align with the general bear trend. that’s patience and waiting for right trigger levels to be hit is the right trading strategy. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewafter raising $4 billion from investors, eosio mainnet has been nothing short of disappointments. we can talk of their tumultuous coin staking process which was full of privacy concerns with centralization claims in the last days but that’s no longer a cause of concern. shortly before their bounty program, guido vranken while working, title=another bug wipes $200 million off eos: iota, eos, litecoin, stellar lumens and tron technical analysis (june 18, 2018), summary=Litecoin Technical Analysis – eosio Mainnet Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsthe bounce came and the bulls are back in charge again this morning. many were wondering if the markets would fall to feb 6 lows but they did not make it that far down. bitcoin found support at $8,500 and has climbed back 4.6% to over $9,300 bringing the altcoins up with it. they are all recovering but one that is leading the way is nano. coinmarketcap reports that nano is up over 34% during this morning’s asian trading session. this altcoin seems to have wilder swings than the rest and is a bit more volatile. trading at a low of $8.72 yesterday nano is up to $12.24 today. over the past week it has slumped 45% from just under $16 to yesterday’s low but has now rebounded stronger than the rest. nano is the re-branded version of rai, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is nano, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Nano Up 34% in Asian Trading, bleu=0.0191
summarize:fomo momentsas if a digital switch has been flipped all cryptocurrencies are plummeting this morning. markets have hemorrhaged $30 billion in less than 24 hours, dropping below $375 billion, and bitcoin has led the freefall by shedding almost 6%. btc is heading dangerously close to the $8k support level, currently trading at $8,240. all altcoins have been dragged into the quagmire, many losing double figure percentages. the only coin in the top 30 that is in the green at the moment is aeternity. according to coinmarketcap ae is up 5% on the day while all others around it have crashed. currently trading at $4.25 aeternity is up from $4.05 this time yesterday, which is only remarkable because the entire market is freefalling at the moment. over the week, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: aeternity defies the crypto crash, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Litecoin, Ether, Cardano, BTC, NEO, Poloniex: Price Analysis: aeternity Up 5%, bleu=0.0248
summarize:interesting developments over the last 24 hours and one noteworthy development is how alt coin neo and ltc buyers are slowing down. for recovery, we need price pressures and most importantly close above middle bb in both cases. talking of break outs, it’s only stellar lumens that is leading the way and xlm bulls are keen on trending above this strong resistance trend line which is awesome. let’s dissect these charts:nem consolidatesxemusd 4hr chart for january 25, 2018no fireworks guys, it’s this horizontal consolidation we prefer to call accumulation that nem is in as i type this. so, here the deal: our projection remains pretty much the same as it was yesterday. we are aware of the general bear trend as pointed by the weekly chart and all we need is a strong close below $0.85 and we are game on., title=altcoin analysis: neo, xlm, eos, ltc and nem, summary=Altcoin Analyst: xlm Bulls Need to Break Above $0.85 for Recovery, bleu=0.0367
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still in pullback mode as it broke below the first fib and may be setting its sights on the next ones. bulls could be waiting at the rising trend line connecting the lows since late june and the 61.8% fib. technical indicators are hinting that the uptrend still has a chance at resuming at some point. bitcoin is still in pullback mode as it retreats below the 38.2% fib level and might find support at the next ones. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. also the gap between the two is widening to reflect strengthening bullish momentum. bitcoin price has tumbled below the 100 sma dynamic support, though,, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: larger correction in the works, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can Uptrend Resume?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price formed a decent support near $0.3200-0.3210 and recovered a few points against the us dollar. there is a short term declining channel forming with resistance near the $0.3450 level on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair could move a few points higher towards the $0.3500 and $0.3600 levels in the near term. ripple price is trading with a few positive signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may perhaps recover higher if bulls continue to hold $0.3200. ripple price supportyesterday, we saw how ripple price managed to hold the $0.3199-0.3200 low against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair later started an upside move and recovered above the $0.3350 and $0.3400 resistance levels. there was even a break above the 23., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd rebounding positively above $0.32, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover Higher, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is under a lot of pressure as it broke the $540 support area against the us dollar. there was a break below a crucial bullish trend line with support at $555 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps continue to move down if sellers manage to push the price below $500. bitcoin cash price declined below the key support at $540-550 against the us dollar. bch/usd is back in a bearish zone towards $500 and $480. bitcoin cash price declinethere was a fresh start of a downside move from the $580 and $600 swing highs in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair declined heavily and broke the $560 and $550 support levels. the decline was crucial as the price broke the 50% fib retracement level of, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd back bearish below $550, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1163
summarize:cardano price key highlightscardano continues to trend lower below a descending trend line on the 1-hour chart. long-term support appears to be drawing bullish pressure and a bounce could be due. in that case, cardano could still encounter nearby resistance at the fib levels and trend line. cardano looks prime for a pullback from its drop and the trend line and fib levels might keep gains in check. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. the 100 sma is also near the descending trend line to add to its strength as a ceiling. the 61.8% fib is closest to the trend line, though, and might keep gains in check close to the 2.0000 major psychological level,, title=cardano (ada/usd) price watch: potential pullback scenario, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – 61.8% Fib Could Keep Gains in Check, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price broke below the latest swing low to confirm that selling pressure remains. price is testing one of the fibonacci extension levels and could head to the next ones from here. technical indicators are giving mixed signals but the overall downtrend remains intact. bitcoin price is resuming the slide and bearish pressure could pick up now that it broke below the $6,050 swing low. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is safely below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this signals that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. the short-term moving average also lines up with the top of the channel to add to its strength as a ceiling. price has broken below the swing low and 50% fib extension around $6,050 to indicate that bearish momentum is picking up. this might be enough to take bitcoin down, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: are bears back in the game?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Resuming Downtrend, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentsthere has been an unexpected turnaround this morning and the markets have rebounded a little. weekends are usually times when selloffs occur, led by asia, but today everything is in the green once again. bitcoin is leading the pack with a 7.5% recovery on yesterday’s prices to $10.500, altcoins have followed it back up, many by double digits. one as usual stands out from the rest and it is one we have covered a couple of times before; nano. posting a 45% gain on the day nano, formerly raiblocks, is flying during the asian trading session this morning. it has jumped from $9.72 this time yesterday to $14.50 today, over the week gains have been even greater from a low point of $6.80 just three days ago. nano hit an all-time high of $37 a couple of days after new, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: nano is leading the way, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis., bleu=0.0215
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is back to testing the symmetrical triangle bottom on its 4-hour time frame. increased selling pressure could take it below support and on a continuous selloff. the fibonacci extension levels show the nearby support areas where sellers could book some profits. bitcoin price is back in selloff mode as it tests the triangle support to determine whether further consolidation or a downtrend is underway. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that support is more likely to break than to hold. the short-term moving average also recently held as dynamic resistance as well. bitcoin price looks ready to test the 38.2% extension at the swing low around $7540 or the 50% extension at $7027. stronger selling pressure could take it down to the 61.8% extension at $6516 or the, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 03/27/2018 – bears take the upper hand, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Back in Selloff Mode, bleu=0.0289
summarize:key highlightseth price is slowly rising higher, but it is facing a major resistance near $865-870 against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted major bearish trend line with current resistance at $866 is intact on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair must break the trend line resistance to gain upside momentum towards $900. ethereum price is moving inside a range against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd has to break a major resistance near $865 to continue moving higher. ethereum price resistancethere was a decent rise from the $835 swing low in eth price against the us dollar. the price moved above the $850 resistance and even settled above the 100 hourly simple moving average. there was also a break above the 50% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $875 swing high to $835, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd break this?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Needs to Break $865, bleu=0.0684
summarize:key highlightsada price tested the $0.090 support area and recovered higher against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $0.0940 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is trading in a positive zone above the $0.095, but it facing a major resistance near $0.100. cardano price is trading with positive moves against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must break the $0.100 and $0.105 resistance levels. cardano price analysisafter a downward move below the $0.1000 support, cardano price found support near $0.090 against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair started a recovery and moved above the $0.095 resistance level. the price also moved above the 23.6% fibonacci retrac, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd attempting upside break above $0.10, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Must Break $0.100, bleu=0.1246
summarize:besides tron which is still struggling in the loss territory, all coins under our radar are in the green. we can begin with eos which is up 22 percent all thanks to the pump during mainnet launch and to some degree stellar lumens which is up 12 percents for the week. litecoin is also on the positive territory where risk off traders can add on to their gains with stops at around $115. regardless of weekend’s events, buying tron at current prices can be a good bargain. let’s look at the charts:eos price technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewso, if anything, i don’t understand why eos hack is not making headline news. it’s investors who are said to have lost millions of dollars worth of eos and eth all through zen desk vulnerability. the latter provides email support for block one, the parent company, title=eosio a hacker paradise: tron, iota, eos, stellar lumens and litecoin price technical analysis (june 4, 2018), summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eos, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens and EOS, bleu=0.0315
summarize:key highlightseth price is moving higher and is recovering above the $500 level against the us dollar. there was a break above a major bearish trend line with resistance at $482 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may dip a few points, but it is likely to remain supported above the $480 level. ethereum price climbed higher above key levels against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is gaining pace and it could move further above $520 in the near term. ethereum price trendthere was a decent support base formed around $445 in eth price against the us dollar. the price started an upward move and managed to move above the $460 and $480 resistance levels. there were positive signs, prompting a bullish wave above the $500 level. buyers pushed the price above the 23.6% fib, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd recovering higher, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Supported, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price recovered nicely after trading as low as $5,894 and moved above $6,200 against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $6,180 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair could revisit the $6,550 resistance zone as long as it is above the $6,150 level. bitcoin price rebounded more than $300 from lows against the us dollar. however, btc/usd is facing many resistances near $6,450 and $6,550. bitcoin price analysisrecently, we saw a downside push in bitcoin price below the $6,000 support against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded to a new monthly low at $5,894 and later it started an upward correction. tt recovered nicely and moved above the $6,200, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd’s rebound above $6,350 is real?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Recovers Above $6,200, bleu=0.0634
summarize:tron price key highlightstron is still hovering at the bottom of its long-term descending triangle, still deciding whether to bounce or to break. a bounce could take it back up to the triangle top while a break could set off a steep drop. technical indicators are giving mixed signals at the moment but a small reversal pattern can be seen. tron is still testing the bottom of its long-term triangle and a small reversal pattern has been sighted. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, this means that a downside break is more likely to occur than a bounce back to the resistance. the 200 sma also lines up with the top of the triangle around 0.07000 to add to its strength as a ceiling. the 100 sma, title=tron (trx) price watch: triple bottom at triangle support, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Bounce or Break, bleu=0.0339
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still heading lower as it trades below a descending trend line on the 1-hour chart. price looks prime for a pullback as it hovers above the $6,100 area, and bears might be waiting at the trend line. applying the fibonacci retracement tool also shows where sellers might jump in. bitcoin price is trending steadily lower below a descending trend line and might be ready to make a correction soon. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, rsi is starting to climb out of the oversold region to signal that buyers are taking over while sellers take a break. stochastic is also heading north, so bitcoin price, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: can more bears join in?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, BTC/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price extended slides and traded below the $0.4300 support level against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line formed with resistance near $0.4325 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently trading near a major support area at $0.4250, which holds a lot of importance. ripple price tumbled further against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must hold the $0.4250 support to avoid more declines towards the $0.4000 level. ripple price supportthere was no recovery above the $0.4450 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair extended its decline and broke the $0.4400 and $0.4300 support levels. the decline was such that the price is now trading well below the $0.4400 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. however,, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd testing significant support, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.4000, bleu=0.1057
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price recovered slightly, but it failed to move past $718 against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $708 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps correct a few points, but upsides are likely to be capped by $708-710. bitcoin cash price is still in a bearish zone below $725 against the us dollar. bch/usd recoveries towards the $708-710 zone are likely to face sellers. bitcoin cash price resistanceyesterday, there was a minor upside move above the $700 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair traded above the $710 level, but upsides were capped. it seems like the 100 hourly simple moving average near $716-718 prevented gains. moreover, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd’s upsides capped near $710, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0312
summarize:evidently, this week has been bearish. even in the midst of raging bears, eos is still outperforming gaining 16 percent in the last week. this is despite investor frustration due to their delay in launching their blockchain. there is anticipation and should we see a "go” vote, then prices are likely to print new highs. on the other side of the spectrum, iota user case applications seem endless and that’s why it’s a long term buy-hold coin. our technicals recommend buying iota once prices print above $1.8. now, a look at the charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading vieweos mainnet launch delay is not only a technical but a protocol and a trust issue. from my understanding and what online commentators say, the decision by block producers to print an additional, title=critic: “by agreeing to print 19,000 extra tokens, eosio are violating their constitution”: tron, eos, iota, stellar lumens and litecoin technical analysis (june 9, 2018), summary=eos Technical Analysis: iota Could Print New Highs, bleu=0.0039
summarize:key highlightsripple price started an upside recovery after trading as low as $0.9599 against the us dollar. there was a break above a short-term connecting bearish trend line at $1.0500 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair seems to be struggling to recover above $1.0880 and is moving lower once again. ripple price is recovering against the us dollar and bitcoin. however, xrp/usd seems to be struggling to gain momentum and it could decline once again. ripple price resistanceyesterday, we saw a major decline from the $1.1250 swing high in ripple price against the us dollar. the price made a downside move and declined below the $1.0000 support area. it traded as low as $0.9599 before starting an upside correction. it managed to move above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd recovery is fading?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0409
summarize:key highlightsripple price moved higher recently and traded above the $0.9000 resistance against the us dollar. there was a break above a connecting bearish trend line with resistance at $0.9110 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair traded as high as $0.9488 where it faced sellers and declined once again. ripple price was not able to capitalize on gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is back below the 100 hourly sma and the $0.9200 support. ripple price supportthere was a minor upside move initiated from the $0.8700 swing low in ripple price against the us dollar. the price moved higher and broke the $0.9000 resistance. there was also a break above the $0.9200 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average. buyers pushed the price above the 50% fib retracement level, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd gain momentum?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Above $0.9200, bleu=0.1355
summarize:eos price key highlightseos is correcting from its recent rally but appears to be finding support at current levels. this 50% retracement level is within an area of interest where plenty of buy orders are likely located. a bounce off this level could take eos back to the swing high and beyond. eos looks ready to resume its climb as it is encountering some bullish pressure at the current area of interest. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that the rally is still likely to resume at this point. eos price is also nearing the 100 sma dynamic support near the 61.8% retracement level. the moving averages avoided a downward crossover on the latest convergence, signaling that buyers are putting up a fight. in, title=eos price watch: bulls defending long-term area of interest, summary=eos Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.042
summarize:key highlightseth price remained well supported and it recently traded towards the $540 level against the us dollar. there is a key bullish trend line forming with support at $510 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower, with supports on the downside near the $510, $500 and $490 levels. ethereum price is positioned nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may correct lower, but it remains in an uptrend above the $490 support level. ethereum price supportthe past few sessions were positive for eth price above the $500 level against the us dollar. the price extended gains and traded above the last swing high of $533. however, the move was contained and the price traded as high as $537.81. later, a downside correction initiated and the price declined below $530., title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd remains in uptrend, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Correct Lower, bleu=0.1395
summarize:besides news of coinbase move to japan and listing ripple (xrp) tokens, brad garlinghouse, the ceo of ripple is pretty confident that dozens of banks would be using xrapid in the near future. he said this in an interview with cnbc and that’s another reason why our view of taking long position is strong. in the last 24 hours alone, xrp is up five percent and today we might see those gains increasing. from the newsso after countless rumors of coinbase listing ripple (xrp), critics are now but realizing that ripple might after all be listed in this liquid exchange if recent news is anything to go by. with coinbase shifting bases to japan, proponents will have a clear pass to buy ripple (xrp) from one of the world’s largest and trusted exchange. inevitably-and this is, title=ripple (xrp) technical analysis (june 6, 2018), summary=xrapid (xrp) Price Watch: Coinbase Moves to Japan to List Ripple, bleu=0.1057
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has broken below one triangle after another as bearish momentum strengthens. price is now trading below the descending triangle bottom of $6,700 after previously falling below the symmetrical triangle. this signals that further losses are underway, but oscillators suggest otherwise. bitcoin price keeps tumbling below one support after another, but oscillators signal a possible bounce. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. the 100 sma also lines up with the top of the triangle to add to its strength as a ceiling. bearish momentum could keep strengthening while the gap between the moving averages continues to widen. however, rsi is already indicating oversold conditions and looks ready to pull up, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: one downside break after another, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi Could Pull Up, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price struggled to move above the $0.8900 and $0.9000 resistance levels and moved down against the us dollar. there is a major ascending channel forming with support at $0.8600 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair must stay above the $0.8600 support level to avoid further downsides in the near term. ripple price is correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd should stay above the $0.8600 to stay in a positive zone for more gains. ripple price trendthere was a push above the $0.8800 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price gained traction and traded towards the $0.9000 level. however, sellers were able to defend the $0.8900 and $0.9000 levels. a short-term high was formed at $0.8900 before the price started, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd could correct lower, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Should Stay Above $0.8600, bleu=0.1934
summarize:dash/usddash continues to be a bit of a grinder, dropping down towards the $800 level. the volume has been picking up, but on the 4-hour chart we had formed a massive hammer. the hammer is a positive sign, but we must break above that candle to start buying, meaning we need to clear the $850 level. quite frankly, it’s probably a better idea to let the markets stabilize for 24 hours before putting money to work. ltc/usdlitecoin markets have rolled over again, reaching down below the $200 level. i see a significant amount of support at the $175 level though, and therefore i think that the buyers will probably return eventually. in a bounce in this area will probably go looking towards the $250 level above. if we break down below the $175 level, the next support level is at $150. thanks for, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 17, 2018, summary=ltc/usdlitecoin Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is currently consolidating, forming higher lows and lower highs inside a triangle pattern. price is bouncing off support and might be due for a test of resistance soon. technical indicators are also suggesting that the bounce could take place, possibly even leading to an upside break. bitcoin price is finding support at the bottom of its triangle consolidation and may be due for a move past the resistance if buyers are strong enough. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that support is more likely to hold than to break. it could also indicate that the top of the triangle could be broken. in addition, the 100 sma is currently holding as dynamic support and keeping losses in check as it lines up with the triangle bottom. a break past the $8,000 level could, title=btc price tech analysis for 02/14/2018 is sitting tight for a breakout, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Break Above $8,000?, bleu=0.0243
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price made a nice upside move above the $7,600 and $8,000 resistances against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line in place with support at $7,950 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is placed nicely in a bullish trend above the $8,000 and $7,700 support levels. bitcoin price completed a correction wave near $7,800 against the us dollar. btc/usd is resuming its upside move and it could break the $8,500 high to test $9,000. bitcoin price supportsthis past week, there was a nice upside move as bitcoin price broke the $7,600 and $7,700 resistance levels against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair even broke the $8,000 resistance and traded as high as $8,500. later, the price started, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: btc/usd could test $9,000, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $8,000, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price recovered further and moved above the $19.00 level against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line forming with support at $19.50 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently trading above the $20.00 level and it may continue to move higher. ethereum classic price is placed in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd could continue to move higher and it may break the $21.50 resistance. ethereum classic price trendthere was a solid price action above the $18.00 pivot level in etc price against the us dollar. after forming a low at $17.80, the price moved higher and broke the $19.00 and $20.00 resistance levels. it even traded above the $21.00 level and formed a high near $21.52. later, a downside correction was, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd bullish above $19, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0372
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has bounced off the area of interest previously highlighted to signal that the selloff would resume. applying the fibonacci extension tool shows how low bitcoin could go from here. technical indicators are showing mixed signals, with the oscillators reflecting more bearish pressure. bitcoin price is bouncing off the downtrend line and looks ready to resume the drop to new lows. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside or that the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. the 200 sma also lines up with the downtrend line to add to its strength as a ceiling. however, the gap between the moving averages is narrowing to signal a potential upward crossover or return in bullish momentum. the 100 sma might also be able to hold as, title=bitcoin price watch: how low can btc go?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can the 100 sma Hold?, bleu=0.0375
summarize:dash/usddash continues to try to rebound after the bloodbath in the crypto currency space, but all low-volume like we have seen a lot of the currencies. currently, the $900 level is the next resistance barrier to overcome, but until we get a strong push in volume, i’m not necessarily convinced. i suspect we will probably see sellers come back given enough time. ltc/usdlitecoin markets have rallied as well, but also are missing a lot of the necessary volume to make it a reliable trade. i believe that we will probably see the market roll over and test the $180 level again, but if we were to break above the $225 level, and especially if there’s volume attached to that move, then i would be convinced to start buying. thanks for watching, i’ll be back tomorrow. dash and litecoin, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 22, 2018, summary=Dash, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Ripple, EOS: Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Rebounds, bleu=0.0191
summarize:a monthly low was hit over the weekend as crypto markets continued to slide. this morning they have bounced back a little but are still largely trending downwards. bitcoin has made gains in the past 24 hours of around 8% sending it back over $9,000 once again. altcoins have been a mixed bag, some have rebounded while others are still floundering, and this morning’s top performer is bitcoin cash. most of the altcoins are in the green during the morning’s asian trading session however only a couple are double figures. bitcoin cash is one of them trading 11.3% higher than this time yesterday. bch is currently trading at just over $1,100 (0.117 btc) up from $989 (0.114 btc) this time yesterday. looking at the weekly chart however paints a bleaker picture as bch is down 14%, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is bitcoin cash, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0507
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined once again and broke the $0.6800 support level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $0.6800 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently testing a key support area near $0.6470, which could produce an upside correction. ripple price fell and broke key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd remains below a major pivot level at $0.7000 with risk of more declines. ripple price declinethere was a crucial rejection noted around the $0.7000 and $0.7100 resistance area in ripple price against the us dollar. the price failed to break $0.7100 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. as a result, there was a fresh downside move and the price moved below the $0.6900 and $0.6800 support levels. the decline was, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd reached turning point, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Below $0.7000, bleu=0.1057
summarize:key highlightseth price traded as high as $1151 before starting a downside correction against the us dollar. there is a short-term bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1050 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently trading just above the $1000 level and is struggling to remain above the mentioned level. ethereum price is currently correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may break the $1000 level for more downsides in the near term. ethereum price resistancerecently, we saw a correction wave from the $753 swing low in eth price against the us dollar. the price traded above the $1000 level and even broke the $1120 resistance. however, the upside move was limited by the $1150 level and a short-term top was formed at $1151. later, a downside, title=ethereum technical analysis – eth/usd testing $1000 support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $1000, bleu=0.1585
summarize:key highlightsada price is trading below the $0.1500 support and is currently in a bearish zone against the us dollar (tethered). there is a key bearish trend line formed with resistance at $0.1450 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may continue to move down towards the $0.1400 and $0.1380 support levels in the near term. cardano price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to retest the $0.1400 support if sellers remain in action. cardano price analysisthere was a fresh downside move initiated from the $0.1580 high in ada price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair declined below the $0.1500 support and moved into a bearish zone. an intermediate high was formed at $0.14, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd could extend declines, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Retest $0.1400, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price started a downside correction from the $1415 swing high against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $1310 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair has to stay above the $1290-1300 levels to stay in the bullish zone for an upside move. ethereum price is still in the bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could continue to move higher back towards the $1360 level. ethereum price supportthere was a decent movement in eth price above the $1300 level against the us dollar. the price started a minor downside correction after trading as high as $1415. it traded lower and moved below the $1360 and $1300 support levels. however, the downside move was protected by the $1260 level and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=ethereum price technical analysis – can eth/usd hold $1300?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Remain Bullish, bleu=0.0692
summarize:tron price key highlightstron price could have another shot at a rally as it broke above the neckline of a short-term double bottom. price is hitting resistance around 0.0400 and may be due for a pullback before resuming the climb. applying the fibonacci retracement tool shows the nearby support levels where more buyers might be waiting. tron price confirmed a short-term double bottom but might need to make a pullback to gather more bullish momentum. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is still to the downside. this suggests that the path of least resistance is to the downside or that there’s a chance for the selloff to resume. rsi is pointing down so tron price might follow suit while sellers take control and buyers take a break. stochastic is also, title=tron (trx) price watch: small reversal pattern sighted!, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0344
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price made a nice upside move this past week and traded above $1,100 against the us dollar. at the moment, the bch/usd pair is attempting to settle below a major bullish trend line with support at $1,200 on the 4-hours chart (data feed from simplefx). the pair may correct lower in the short term towards the $1,120 and $1,080 levels. bitcoin cash price surged higher before facing sellers near $1,375 against the us dollar. bch/usd is currently correcting lower and it could retest the $1,080 support. bitcoin cash price upside hurdlethis past week, there was a sharp upside move initiated in bitcoin cash price from the $980 swing low against the us dollar. the price climbed above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last major decline from the $1,764 high to $7, title=bch/usd facing crucial resistance, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Retest $1,080, bleu=0.0309
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is gaining a bit of bullish momentum since breaking past the descending triangle resistance. price is trading inside an ascending channel and has just bounced off support. bitcoin could be headed to the top of the channel from here and the fib extension tool shows other potential upside targets. bitcoin price is resuming its short-term climb and could have its sights set on the next upside targets on the fib levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma has crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the short-term uptrend is more likely to continue than to reverse. in addition, these moving averages are close to the channel support and swing low, adding to its strength as a floor in the event of another dip. bitcoin price is currently testing the 38.2% fibonacci extension level, title=btc price tech analysis for 01/05/18 – small uptrend gaining traction, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0303
summarize:while ace is up 157%, btc could only muster a 0.2% gain helping slow down the altcoins slide. generally speaking, neo, ltc, eos, iota and lumens are better off than yesterday’s uniform drop. why not? with binance announcement and quashing of potential jfsa fuds, cryptocurrencies should fair relatively well. binance will instead shift their focus to europe and already plans to open an office in malta. basing our preview from the charts, we expect some gains in neo, ltc and even iota whose candlestick by the way has a long lower wick hinting of bull pressure. in neo, our support lies at around $55. anyway, if this week is technically influential, then prices should end above, title=neo, eos, ltc, iota, lumens: technical analysis march 24, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, BTC, Litecoin, EOS, NEO, IOTA Technical Analysis: neo and ltc are better off than yesterday’s drop, bleu=0.0209
summarize:cryptocurrency volumes have dipped to a two-month low, with levels resembling those seen earlier this year during april’s downtrend. but what does this mean for the market in general? is volume an viable indicator? as of june 18th, exchange volume has collectively dropped under $10 billion dollars, with these levels being seen in early april. the collective exchange volume is currently down over 80% since the large influx seen in early january, which topped out at a staggering $68 billion in 24 hours. tom lee called this absurd amount of volume an "abnormal” figure, believing that january’s volume should be of no comparison to today’s volume. nevertheless, trading volume present with a specific asset, or asset-class, has long been held as a significant indicator of the market’s interest in an, title=cryptocurrency volume drops to a two-month low, should you be worried?, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Volume Drops to Two-Month Low, bleu=0.0279
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still trending higher after breaking above a few key resistance levels. bulls are gaining traction and allowing price to move above an ascending trend line on the 1-hour time frame. price appears to have completed its pullback from the recent rally and could head up to the extension levels next. bitcoin price looks ready to resume its rally after a brief pullback to a short-term rising trend line. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this confirms that the uptrend is more likely to continue than to reverse. also, the 100 sma lines up with the ascending trend line to add to its strength as support. stochastic is also pulling up from oversold levels to signal a return in bullish pressure. rsi is, title=btc price tech analysis for 02/19/2018 – aiming for extension levels?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0274
summarize:fomo momentscrypto markets still have no positive momentum as we end the week. the mass selloff has slowed down but all indicators are still bearish. bitcoin has not been able to climb back above $7,000 and currently trades at $6,800, pretty much exactly where it was this time yesterday. altcoins are up and down, some have continued to slide but one or two have jumped during asian trading this morning and the coin of the moment is tron. coinmarketcap reports that trx is trading 34% higher this morning. tron has been top coin before and is popular in asia, today it has reached $0.041 from $0.029 this time yesterday. over the week trx has remade all losses in the dip and, despite all the negative sentiment on social media, it was the best performing altcoin in the top 25 in march. against bitcoin, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is tron, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: tron, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0216
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price gained momentum and broke a key resistance at $8,000 against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line in place with support at $7,850 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair might correct a few points, but it remains in an uptrend towards $8,500. bitcoin price is climbing higher above $7,800 against the us dollar. btc/usd broke the $8,000 resistance and it looks set for more upsides in the near term. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we discussed that bitcoin price could climb above the $8,000 resistance against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair did gain momentum above the $7,800 resistance and traded above the $8,000 resistance. a high was formed at $8,028 and the price is currently consolidating gains. an initial support on the, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd breaks $8,000, next target $8,500, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Breaks $8,000, bleu=0.1219
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price failed to hold an important support at $6,550 and declined sharply against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $6,580 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently consolidating near the $6,300 level and it remains at a risk of more declines. bitcoin price tumbled sharply below $6,550 against the us dollar. btc/usd may correct a few points, but later it could resume its decline below $6,300 in the near term. bitcoin price analysisbitcoin price faced an increased selling pressure above $6,600 against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair started a downside move and broke a major support at $6,550. it opened the doors for more losses and the price declined by more than, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd primed for losses, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Recover Below $6,300, bleu=0.115
summarize:key highlightseth price is struggling to move above $742-743, but it remains supported against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bullish trend line with current support at $715 is intact on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to move above the $742-743 resistance zone to accelerate upsides in the near term. ethereum price is placed nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may climb higher if buyers manage to break the $742 and $743 resistance levels. ethereum price resistancethere were decent bullish moves above $700 during the past few hours in eth price against the us dollar. the price traded higher above $730, but it was not able break the $742 and $743 resistance levels. there were more than four attempts by buyers to clear the $743 hurdle,, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd could extend gains, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $742, bleu=0.0677
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price gained heavy bids and surged above the $17.00 resistance against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line formed with support at $16.20 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is placed nicely in an uptrend and it could accelerate gains above $17.50 in the near term. ethereum classic price is moving with a positive bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is placed well above $16.20 for more gains above $17.50. ethereum classic price supportthere was a major support base formed near $14.00 in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair started a solid upside move and broke many resistances, including $15.00 and $16.00. there was even a break and close above the $16.50 pivot level and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd surging higher, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $17.50, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightseth price declined further and traded as low as $417.37 against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted key bearish trend line is still active with resistance at $438 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to move above the trend line and $440 resistance to recover further in the near term. ethereum price is slowly moving higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must clear hurdles near $440 to gains upside traction towards $460. ethereum price resistancethere were further dips in eth price below the $430 level against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair declined below the $428 swing low and formed a new weekly low near the $417 level. later, there was a decent comeback and the price jumped above the $425 level. the price also managed to, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd make it?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Recovers Above $440, bleu=0.1261
summarize:superseding everything else is mass adoption and that is what litecoin figure heads and foundation is pushing for. currently price isn’t center stage, coin demand is and for obvious reasons: the later precedes value. while we might see short term recoveries edging prices towards $70, our break out levels, news of adoption break through or announcement of strategic partnerships aside from coinbase efforts might ignite a wave of loss reversals with first targets at $110, the upper limit of our former trade range. from the newswhether litecoin is undervalued or over-valued shouldn’t be a headline topic in this bear market. in fact, when analyst focus on price only, then the real user case application of blockchain losses meaning. from history, blockchain and cryptocurrencies came to existence because of the need of control and excision of manipulation. it was along this vein that charlie lee emphasized on, title=litecoin (ltc) technical analysis: litecoin mass adoption a priority, not price, summary=Litecoin (LTC) Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Undervalued or Over-Valued, bleu=0.0315
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price formed a top near the $14.50 level and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $13.90 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently trading well below the $14.00 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ethereum classic price declined and moved in a bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may continue to move down towards the $13.00 support. ethereum classic price trendearlier this week, there was an upside move above the $14.00 level in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair succeeded in trading above the $14.20 resistance and tested $14.50. a high was formed at $14.51 before the price started a downside move. it declined and traded below the $14, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – etc/usd could retest $13, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0372
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to move above the $468-469 resistance zone and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $460 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently at a risk of more declines towards the next support at $430 in the near term. ethereum price is under heavy selling pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could continue to move down towards the $430 support zone. ethereum price resistanceyesterday, there was a minor upside move above $455 in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded above the $465 level, but it faced a strong resistance near the $468-469 zone. sellers defended more gains and pushed the price below $460. there was, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd at risk of more declines, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Retest $430, bleu=0.1261
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently broke below its ascending channel support to signal a downtrend. price has since pulled back to the broken support and completed the retest. the fibonacci extension tool shows the next downside targets from here. bitcoin price seems to be caving to bearish pressure once more as it broke below the channel and completed the retest. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. price has also fallen below the moving averages’ dynamic inflection points to confirm a pickup in selling pressure. however, rsi looks ready to pull up from oversold conditions to show that sellers are exhausted and ready to let buyers take over. stochastic is still heading south so bitcoin price might keep following, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 05/11/2018 – are bears ready to take over again?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, Zcash, PTC, Ripple, bleu=0.0202
summarize:bloodbath. that’s the only way to really describe what’s happening in the bitcoin price and wider crypto space right now. coins are down pretty much across the board, with pretty much every token or digital asset taking a hit on the back of a spate of fundamental developments. south korean regulations came into force, facebook decided to ban crypto ads and sentiment is incredibly weak. but never fear. corrections are just something we’ve learnt to live with in the cryptocurrency space and it’s something that many have ridden out in the past and that – almost certainly – we’ll have to ride out going forward. and when you step back and look at the big picture, bitcoin was below $1,000 this time last year. we’re looking at close to 1000% on that pricing – not a bad return. anyway, let’s try and get some levels in place that we can use for the session going, title=bitcoin price watch; hedging the decline, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – What’s Next?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price declined sharply below the $0.2000 level and moved into a bearish zone against the us dollar (tethered). there is a key bearish trend line formed with resistance at $0.1650 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair has to break the $0.1650 and $0.1700 resistance levels to start a substantial recovery. cardano price is under a lot of bearish pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must stay above the $0.1500 level to contain losses in the near term. cardano price analysisthere were heavy slides in ada price this week as it crashed below the $0.2000 support against the us dollar. it followed bitcoin and ethereum and crashed more than 25%. it even moved a few points below the $0.1500 level before buyers appeared., title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd turned bearish, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightseth price struggled to hold gains above $510 and declined sharply against the us dollar. recently, there was a break above a bearish trend line with resistance at $457 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to close above $477 and the 100 simple moving average to move back in a bullish zone. ethereum price is moving with bearish signs versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must clear the $470 and $477 resistances to climb higher. ethereum price resistancesthis past week, there was a solid upside move above the $500 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded above the $510 level, but it failed to hold gains. as a result, there was a bearish reaction and the price declined below the, title=ethereum price weekly analysis: eth/usd could revisit $422, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1279
summarize:key highlightsripple price remained in the positive zone above the $0.6000 and $0.6100 support levels against the us dollar. there is a short-term connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $0.6060 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair might correct a few points in the near term before retesting the $0.6250 resistance. ripple price is placed nicely in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to move past the $0.6250 barrier for more gains in the near term. ripple price trendthere was a decent price action forming above $0.6000 in ripple price faced against the us dollar. the price retested the $0.6200-$0.6250 resistance zone yesterday. however, there was no upside break above $0.6250 and the price topped near $0.6201. it corrected lower and, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd’s downsides remain supported, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest $0.6250, bleu=0.0339
summarize:it’s rare we see uniform appreciation of altcoins prices. could bitfinex and the rest involved in another "coordinated btc pump” and helping alt coins recover? well, maybe, we don’t have data but we should draw some nuggets from recent amin shams research paper done by the university of texas-austin. while that may be true, we for sure know that eos is up because of the good voting vibes that finally breathes live and gives its token value. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewaccording to eosauthority, it’s eureka for dan larimer, block one and eosio. eos has successfully staked 150 million eos coins enough for block producer voting to begin, title=tether anyone? litecoin, iota, eos, tron and stellar lumens technical analysis (june 15, 2018), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: eos, Bitfinex, IOTA, Litecoin, Ripple, EOS and Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0479
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price fell to a new low below the $620 level recently against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $640 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair remains supported on the downside near the $615-620 area in the near term. bitcoin cash price is holding a crucial support near $620 against the us dollar. bch/usd may recover in the short term above the $650 level. bitcoin cash price resistancethere were more declines below the $630 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price even broke the last low and traded to a new monthly low of $616.1. later, it found tiny support and moved back above the $620 level. at the moment, the price is trading near the 23.6% fib retracement level of the, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd could recover short-term, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Supported, bleu=0.0407
summarize:the crypto verse is never short of drama and while hacking vibes dominate, charlie lee of litecoin is advocating rationalism. obviously, after recent hacks, it’s easy to see sentiment almost always flips and drag btc prices with it. the resulting coupling drags other coins with it resulting in a general crypto slide which he thinks is totally unnecessary. while this is happening, trx coin migration begins today. let’s have a look at the charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewso guys, the verdict is out. according to china’s ccid, eos is the most interesting blockchain technology out in this space. there are certain distinct criteria which they used. and in their global public chain assessment index, eos though the fifth largest cryptocurrency, is superior in technology, applicability and innovation, title=a leading philippines bank rcbc opts for stellar, shuns ripple: litecoin, eos, tron, stellar lumens and iota technical analysis (june 22, 2018), summary=Litecoin’s charlie lee: eos is the most interesting blockchain technology out there, bleu=0.0099
summarize:key highlightsripple price is trading well below the $0.5900 resistance and pivot level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance near the $0.5750 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses below the $0.5570 and $0.5500 levels in the near term. ripple price is in a major bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may accelerate declines below the $0.5500 level going forward. ripple price declinethere was no upside correction above $0.5800 and $0.5900 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price is still in a bearish zone well below the $0.5800 level. a low was formed at $0.5570 before the price corrected slightly. however, the $0.5900 level acted as a resistance. more, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd may decline further, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.1236
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined recently, but it found support near $740 against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $750 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is placed nicely above $740 and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a positive sign. bitcoin cash price is holding the $740 support nicely against the us dollar. bch/usd may continue to move higher and it could even target a fresh high above $800. bitcoin cash price trendafter trading further higher, bitcoin cash price found sellers near $800 against the us dollar. the price started a downside correction and traded below the $780 and $760 support levels. there was also a break below the 50% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $721 low to $800 high. however,, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd targets fresh highs, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $800, bleu=0.0367
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price recently broke out of a descending trend line and is pulling back for a retest. price is at a crucial area of interest, though, and a bounce or break could determine the next long-term direction. if these support levels hold, bitcoin could bounce back to the swing high and resume the reversal. bitcoin price is pulling back to an area of interest after breaking above a longer-term descending trend line. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, price has fallen below the longer-term 200 sma as an early indicator that bearish momentum is kicking in. rsi is indicating oversold conditions, though, so a, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bears return in full swing!, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could Bitcoin Retest?, bleu=0.0
summarize:we’re going to jump straight into our analysis for this evening, purely because the action we have seen during the session today suggests we could be in for a very near-term signal in the bitcoin price. take a look at the chart below before we get started. it’s our standard time frame for our intraday analysis (the shorter term, one-minute timeframe) and it’s got our primary range overlaid in green. as the chart shows, we’ve set up as the one we are going to employ moving forward into the late us session this evening (and, beyond, into the weekend) is defined by support to the downside at 11011 and resistance to the upside at 11251. the trade we are looking at right away (and the one that’s caused us to jump right into our coverage this evening as opposed to spending any time analyzing how action brought us to this point) is an upside entry, which will, title=bitcoin price watch; live trade entry!, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Short-Term Signal?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price soared higher and broke the $960 resistance level against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $960 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to extend gains above the $1,000 and $1,020 levels in the near term. bitcoin cash price is surging higher above $980 against the us dollar. bch/usd will most likely clear sell offers near $1,000 for more gains. bitcoin cash price upside movethere was a nasty upside move in bitcoin cash price from the $900 swing low against the us dollar. the price surged higher and broke many barriers on the way up such as $920 and $960. it traded close to the $1,000 level and formed a high near $996. it is clearly in a major uptrend above the $900 swing low and it, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd surging higher, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Will Clear $1,000, bleu=0.1934
summarize:key highlightsripple price recovered from the $0.4248 low, but it failed to settle above $0.4750 against the us dollar. there is a short-term declining channel in place with resistance at $0.4650 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair must clear the $0.4650 and $0.4750 resistance levels to recover further in the near term. ripple price struggled near key resistance levels against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must settle above the $0.4750 barrier for more upsides towards $0.5000. ripple price resistancethis past week, ripple price traded towards the $0.4200 support area against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded as low as $0.4248 before buyers appeared. a fresh upward wave was initiated and the price moved above the $0.4500 and $0.4600 resistance levels. the price traded as high, title=ripple price analysis: can xrp/usd surpass $0.4750?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Must Clear $0.4750, bleu=0.1585
summarize:overly, alt coins are back in the positive territory adding $11 billion in market cap. supporting this is the obvious gains in iota and at eos regardless of the ram issues and the power vested on block producers. talking of powers and it seems like hackers are becoming a threat after their audacious attack on syscoin blockchain prompting binance to halt trading and announcing a safu for fund safety. this begs more questions than answers! let’s have a look at the charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewaccording to eos nation, who are one of the 21 block producers, the cost of their planned air drop is expensive and in the upwards of $150,000. the reason? well, thanks to their uncontrolled ram purchases that literally made it impossible and even realistic for normal dapp, title=syscoin “attack” and binance safu coincidence? :eos, iota, litecoin, stellar lumens and tron technical analysis, summary=iota, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, EOS: Technical Analysis – eos nation vs. Binance, bleu=0.0414
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still safely inside its ascending channel after another test of support. this signals that bulls continue to defend the bottom and that the uptrend could stay intact. technical indicators, however, show mixed signals as the moving averages are bullish while oscillators suggest another drop. bitcoin price has resumed its climb after another dip to the bottom of its short-term channel, indicating that bulls are not letting up. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside or that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. these moving averages are also close to the bottom of the channel to add to its strength as support. however, rsi is starting to turn lower to signal a return in bearish pressure. stochastic is moving up but in the over, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bulls defending channel support, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Poloniex, EOS, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, BTC, S&P 500, bleu=0.0
summarize:of all the coins in the top 10, stellar lumens is the only one in the green territory. it is resilient and it might even add to their gains especially if we see a pump past the 50 percent fibonacci retracement level at 50 cents. other than this and the obvious slide in tron and eos valuation, litecoin and neo moves are moderate and are buyers/sellers are yet to test key levels. let look at these charts:eosusd (eos)eos 4hr chart by trading viewyes, eos is good...oh stop it, eos is horrible. i shall stick to ethereum and even cardano if things get messy. the tag of war continues. those are just some few conflicting sentiments from supporters and critics. the thing is: there is no one, title=neo, stellar lumens, tron, litecoin, eos: technical analysis for may 2, 2018, summary=Litecoin Price Analysis: eos, tron, Cardano, EOS and Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0945
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to extend gains above the $724 level and started a downside move against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bullish trend line with support at $707 was broken on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is now well below $700 and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a bearish sign. ethereum price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd broke a key support at $708 and it may well trade below $680 in the near term. ethereum price trendafter a failure to move above the $724-725 resistance, eth price started a downside move against the us dollar. the price declined and moved below the $710 and $700 support levels. during the decline, it cleared the 50% fib retracement level of the last leg from, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd back below $700, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $680, bleu=0.075
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price looks ready to bottom out from its drop, possibly even forming a short-term reversal signal. price failed in its last two attempts to make a strong break below the $10,000 major psychological mark, creating a double bottom formation. bitcoin has yet to test and move past the neckline near $13,000 to confirm a potential climb. bitcoin price appears to be forming a short-term reversal pattern on the 1-hour time frame as an early bullish signal. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is still more likely to resume than to reverse. in addition, the gap between the two moving averages is widening to signal stronger bearish momentum. these dynamic inflection points are close to the neckline, title=btc price tech analysis for 01/25/2018 – potential double bottom?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Can BTC/USD Break $13,000?, bleu=0.0349
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price topped near the $8,500 level and started a downside correction against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key connecting bullish trend line was breached with support at $8,190 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower, but it remains well supported near the $8,100 and $8,000 levels. bitcoin price is facing a minor selling pressure below $8,500 against the us dollar. btc/usd must stay above $8,000 to avoid an extended correction. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we saw a nice upward move towards $8,500 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded as high as $8,496 before starting a downward correction. the price declined and moved below the $8,300 support area. there was also a break below, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd short-term correction underway, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Breaks $8,500, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price traded lower sharply and broke the $900 support level against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $910 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to move down and it could soon test the $850 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price is in a bearish trend below $950 against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to extend declines in the short term towards $850 and $800. bitcoin cash price resistancethere were continuous declines in bitcoin cash price from the $960 swing high against the us dollar. the price broke the $950 and $900 support levels to set the pace for more losses. more importantly, the price settled below the $900 level and is currently well below the 100 hourly simple moving average. it recently traded as low as, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd remains bearish, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $850, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key highlightsripple price made a major bottom near the $0.8399 low and recovered against the us dollar. there was a break above yesterday’ highlighted crucial bearish trend line with resistance at $1.45 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently facing a huge task near the $1.60 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is recovering nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now above $1.40, but facing a major resistance near $1.60 and the 100 hourly sma. ripple price resistanceyesterday, we saw a major decline below $1.00 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $0.8399 from where it started an upside move. it moved above the 50% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $1., title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd break this?, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Recovering, bleu=0.1369
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price remained well supported above the $6,200 support area against the us dollar. there is a bullish flag pattern forming with support at $6,260 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). a break above the $6,400 level may perhaps open the doors for a fresh upward wave. bitcoin price is trading in a bullish zone above $6,200 against the us dollar. btc/usd must break the $6,400 and $6,500 resistance levels to climb further higher. bitcoin price analysisthere was a sharp upside move from the $5,800 swing low in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair climbed above the $6,000 and $6,400 resistance levels. it traded as high as $6,527 and is currently correcting lower. the price started a downside correction and broke, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd forming bull flag, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightsripple price recovered from the $0.6340 low and moved above the $0.6600 resistance against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line with resistance at $0.6550 was breached on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is now placed nicely above the $0.6600 support with bullish moves towards $0.6800. ripple price is back in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to accelerate gains above the $0.6800 resistance in the near term. ripple price trendyesterday, we discussed about a major breakout pattern in ripple price with resistance near $0.6550 against the us dollar. the price formed a support base near $0.6350 and started an upside move. it broke to the upside and cleared the $0.6550 resistance to move back in a bullish zone. there was, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd resumes uptrend, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.6800, bleu=0.1057
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is struggling to hold the $7,250-7,300 support area against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines formed with resistances at $7,400 and $7,510 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses if it breaks the $7,150 support level. bitcoin price is moving further into the bearish zone below $7,400 against the us dollar. btc/usd must remain above $7,000 to avoid a sharp decline. bitcoin price analysisthere were a couple of rejections noted around $7,500 level in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair started a downside move and declined below the $7,400 and $7,300 support levels. it even settled below the $7,400 pivot and the 76.4% fib re, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd upsides remain limited, summary=Bitcoin Price Analysis: btc/usd Remains at Risk of More Losses, bleu=0.1934
summarize:regardless of the overall bearish sentiment and the sec weighing in heavily against bitcoin, bulls seem to be stable and recovering. it’s up five percent and reducing their weekly losses to eight percent as buyers reject prices below $6,000-the upper limit of our support zone. considering the past two trends, we still hold a bearish position and until we see thrusts above $6,800 and $7,000 to the upside, we recommend shorts on high more so once there is a convincing break below $5,800. from the newsbitmain, the world’s largest asic manufacturer plans on holding an initial public offering, ipo in the coming months. as it prepares to secure funding, details are emerging that the asic marker leader and the company behind one of the largest bitcoin and bitcoin cash mining pools holds more than one million bitcoin cash estimated at $650 million at current spot prices and $1 billion in acquisition price by end of, title=bitcoin (btc) technical analysis: bitcoin soaking gravity before hitting $15,000, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Asic Holds $1 Billion in Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0286
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price declined and traded close to the $14.20 support level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $15.80 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher towards the $15.50 and $15.80 resistance levels. ethereum classic price moved into a negative zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is correcting higher, but upsides are likely to be capped by $15.80-16.00. ethereum classic price resistancethis week, there were mostly bearish moves in etc price from the $18.00 level against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair declined sharply and moved below the $17.00 and $16.00 support levels. the decline was such that the price even broke the $15.00 support zone. it traded close to the $14, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd consolidating near $15, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to gain traction and broke the $440 support against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance near $460 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently under pressure and it seems like it could retest the $$420 swing low. ethereum price is showing signs of further weakness against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is likely to trade further lower as long as it is below $450-460. ethereum price resistancerecently, there was a failure near the $474 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair started a slow and steady downside move and broke the $450 and $440 support levels. more importantly, there was a close below the $460 pivot level and the 100 hourly, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd under bearish pressure, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Retest $460, bleu=0.1261
summarize:like on-chain developments, cardano (ada) sellers are slowing down. week over week, it’s down five percent. this is a big improvement from three weeks ago when losses where double digit and exceeding 35 percent. if anything, ada prices are trading around 7 cents, the coin’s main atl. for recovery purposes, we must wait for gains above 12 cents triggering buys. on the reverse side, dips below 7 cents which would most likely spell a capitulation. at the moment though, we shall take a neutral stand and closely watch prices. from the newsas expected, many question the rate of development at cardano with some saying it is slower than anticipated and could best be accelerated. however, that is not the case according to charles hoskinson in a recent ama session. charles thinks best things often, title=cardano (ada) technical analysis: cardano (ada) near all time lows, time to accumulate, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada’s Decline Could Cause Capitulation, bleu=0.0
summarize:there is a crypto recovery that comes even in the face of allegations. we have seen how tone vays is tearing down litecoin-tokenpay partnership while justo is laying down his claims that eos is actually undercutting ethereum. either way, both coins are in the green and setting the pace for further gains in iota, stellar lumens and tron-which has their tvm launch in a forth night. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewso according to a dapp developer, justo, ethereum has been systematically spamming the ethereum network causing the prices of gas to hit the roof. in a well researched post that is now doing rounds in reddit, justo said there is no coincidence between the current high, title=litecoin, eos, stellar, tron, iota technical analysis: eos isn’t stupid to “attack” ethereum says dan larimer, summary=eos Technical Analysis: Litecoin, Tokenpay, Iota, tron, Stellar Lumens and EOS, bleu=0.0823
summarize:key highlightsada price has formed a support base near the $0.0920 level against the us dollar (tethered). there is an ascending channel in place with support at $0.0925 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is likely to rise slowly towards the $0.0980 and $0.1000 levels in the near term. cardano price is trading in a bullish zone against the us dollar while declining versus bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to climb higher towards the $0.1000 level as long as it is above $0.090. cardano price analysisthere were a couple of swing moves noted near the $0.0900 support in cardano price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair formed a base above the $0.0900 level and later started an upside move. it traded above the $0.09, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd rising steadily towards $0.10, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.1000, bleu=0.1355
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price sold off after the sec rejection of etf applications but is finding support at the channel. price is still trading inside an ascending channel and is currently testing the very bottom. a bounce could take it up to the next upside targets marked by the fibonacci extension tool. bitcoin price is pulling back after its recent surge and is deciding whether to make a bounce or a break from the channel support. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma to show that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that support is more likely to hold than to break or that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. the area of interest around the broken $6,500 resistance is also in line with the channel support and dynamic inflection points at the moving averages. if the floor holds, bitcoin price could, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: testing uptrend channel support, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break Support, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin gold price declined recently and it traded as low as $199.83 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $228 on the hourly chart of btg/usd (data feed from bitfinex). the pair is now in the bearish zone below $230 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin gold price declined towards $200 against the us dollar. btg/usd is currently showing a lot of negative signs and is below the $230 resistance. bitcoin gold price upside hurdlethere were continuing declines in bitcoin gold price below the $240 support against the us dollar. the price extended its recent decline and moved below the $220 and $210 support levels. it even attempted a break below the $200 level and formed a low at $199.83. later, it managed to recover slightly and it moved back above the $200 level. it, title=bitcoin gold price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Gold Price Technical Analysis – btg/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price has formed higher lows and found resistance around $6,500 to create an ascending triangle pattern on its 1-hour chart. price is currently testing the resistance and is nearing the peak of the formation, so a breakout might be due soon. technical indicators are giving mixed signals on which direction the breakout might take. bitcoin price is consolidating inside an ascending triangle pattern and might be due for a breakout in either direction soon. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this suggests that an upside break is more likely to occur than a break lower. also, the moving averages are near the triangle bottom to add to its strength as a floor around $6,400. rsi is heading lower to signal that selling pressure is in play and that resistance would likely hold for now., title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: waiting for a triangle breakout, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Break Below $6,500, bleu=0.0342
summarize:key highlightseth price extended its decline and traded to a new weekly low at $415.54 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance near $435 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is in a bearish zone and it could extend its decline towards the $405-410 levels in the near term. ethereum price is struggling to recover against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may perhaps decline further below the $415 low if buyers continue to struggle. ethereum price upside hurdlethere was a rejection noted around the $446 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair failed to break resistance and declined back below $430. there was a break below the $425 and $420 support levels. as a result, there was, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd could decline further, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Recover Further, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key highlightseth price failed to move higher and it traded below the $862 support against the us dollar. there is a connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $865 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair may correct a few points in the short term, but it could face sellers near $865-870. ethereum price declined recently against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd now remains at a risk of more declines as long as it is below $865. ethereum price resistancethere was a minor downside wave initiated in eth price from the $876 swing high against the us dollar. the price declined and traded below the $860 and $862 support levels. during the downside, there was a break below a short-term bullish trend line at $863 on the hourly chart. moreover,, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd remains at risk, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Remain Bullish, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key highlightsripple price is struggling to move above the $1.0250 level against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $0.9830 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair could decline further towards the $0.9200 and $0.9000 support levels in the near term. ripple price is slowly following a declining path against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may correct a few points lower with support near $0.9200 and $0.9000. ripple price trendrecently, we saw a steady uptrend in ripple price above the $0.8500 level against the us dollar. the price moved above the $0.9000 and $0.9500 resistance levels. it also traded above the $1.0000 level and $1.0200. however, it could not gain momentum above the $1.0250 level and later started, title=ripple technical analysis – is this bearish break in xrp/usd?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Correct a Few Points, bleu=0.0367
summarize:safe iota and tron, litecoin and eos were particularly slow yesterday. that’s even at the backdrop of solid news of peter thiel investment at block one, moon zebra launching new litecoin supporting atms at malta and tron burning 92.4 billion erc20 tokens. overly though, we remain bullish and expect q3 to be a spring board for q1 and 2 bear reversals. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewthe announcement from block one that is has received investment from peter thiel, the co-founder of paypal and a member of board at facebook was but timely. but that’s not the point.https://t.co/lgcclyjbib closes strategic investment round led, title=eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: alt-coin buyers going full throttle, summary=iota, tron and Litecoin Technical Analysis for q3, bleu=0.0388
summarize:key highlightseth price attempted a recovery above the $275.00 level, but it failed to gain traction against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance at $280 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair must accelerate above the $282 and $285 levels to recover further in the near term. ethereum price is struggling to gain traction versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could climb higher if buyers gain control above the $285 level. ethereum price resistancethere was a decent support base formed near the $255 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded a few points higher and moved above the $280 level. there was also a break above the 50% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $30, title=ethereum price weekly analysis: eth/usd’s struggle to rise continues, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Recover Further, bleu=0.0684
summarize:eos price key highlightseos will also have its mainnet launch on june 1 to make it independent of the ethereum network. price is trading in a descending channel on the 4-hour chart and a pullback to the top seems due. strong bullish momentum could spur a break past the area of interest and retracement levels. eos could see a reversal from its downtrend if the mainnet launch goes well, although there are key resistance areas nearby. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma on the 4-hour time frame to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. price is also currently testing the 100 sma dynamic inflection point, and the gap between the moving averages is widening to reflect, title=eos price watch: watch out for its mainnet launch, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eos Could Reverse Downtrend, bleu=0.0427
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is currently consolidating around the $6,500 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair is currently attempting an upside break above a declining channel with resistance at $6,500 on the 4-hours chart (data feed from kraken). the pair may move a few points higher, but there are many hurdles on the upside near the $6,800 level. bitcoin price is stable above the $6,400 level against the us dollar. btc/usd must gain momentum above $6,600 and $6,800 to move into a bullish zone. bitcoin price resistancethis past week, bitcoin price started an upside correction after dropping to the $6,130 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair moved above the $6,200 and $6,400 resistance levels. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: can btc/usd gain traction?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1279
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined further and traded towards the $650 level against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line in place with resistance at $765 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently trading near a major resistance at $750-770, which is acting as a barrier for buyers. bitcoin cash price extended declines below $700 against the us dollar. bch/usd is currently correcting higher, but it is facing hurdles near $760. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was an increase in selling pressure below $800 on bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair extended declines below the $750 and $700 levels. it traded towards the $650 level and formed a low at $664. later, the price started an upside correction and moved above the $700 level. however,, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd testing crucial resistance, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1395
summarize:two alt coins are still moving inside a boring accumulation phase: nem and ltc. while this pattern is important especially for securities or tokens that are bottoming up, the longer it continues the stronger the explosion. in our case, our focus is on nem and the key resistance trend line that has been liquidating bull moves in the past 3 weeks or so. if buyers get the past this wall, then the rally towards and above $1.14 would be on. let’s dissect these charts:nem moving inside a descending wedgexemusd 4hr chart for january 26, 2018nem is still moving within yesterday’s range and the consolidation continues. this time though, we shall consider the minor resistance trend line connecting the past 3 week’s highs as our main buy trigger line. from a technical perspective, sellers will be in charge as long as prices are below this main trend line., title=alt coin analysis: neo, stellar lumens, eos, ltc and nem, summary=Altcoin Analysis: nem, ltc, IOTA, BTC, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0504
summarize:according to statistics, 97% of all coins listed in the top 100 list as per coinmarketcap compilation are in the red. ontology is the only gainer adding 12.56% while bitcoin is down 8% trading below $8,000. basing our finding on price action, we expect further depreciation with eos possibly reversing last week’s gains and ltc testing $100 or lower by week’s end. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlm/usd bittrex 4hr chart for march 27, 2018by press time, lumens was down 9.23% according to coinmarketcap statistics. unfortunately, it seems like stellar lumens sellers are just getting started and gearing towards last week’s lows of $0.15. this is just what the charts hints and coming at a time, title=neo, eos, ltc, iota, lumens: technical analysis march 27, 2018, summary=Ontology is the only gainer adding 12.56% while Bitcoin is down 8%, bleu=0.0
summarize:cryptocurrency adoption is slowly growing all over the world. more specifically, various countries are regulating bitcoin or preparing to do so. in the uae region, it seems there is a genuine interest in various cryptocurrencies as well. bitoasis, one of the biggest local exchanges, has announced they will integrate xrp soon. although no further details were announced, this is a pretty big development. after all, ripple’s asset is now the world’s second-largest currency by market cap. it is always interesting to see how cryptocurrency thrives in the uae region. although we hardly hear anything from this region, things are progressing nicely. in fact, one of the region’s biggest exchanges will improve its position on the market moving forward. adding new currencies is always a big step for any exchange all over the world. surprisingly, this process happens less often, title=bitoasis will list xrp in the near future, summary=uae Exchange Bitoasis to Integrate xrp Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0569
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price extended gains and broke the $6,400 resistance zone against the us dollar. yesterday’s discussed bullish flag pattern was breached with resistance at $6,380 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair traded above the $6,600 level and is placed nicely in a bullish zone. bitcoin price jumped above key barriers against the us dollar. btc/usd may continue to move higher towards the $6,800 level in the near term. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, bitcoin price started a downside correction after trading above the $6,450 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair corrected below the $6,350 level and tested an important support at $6,250. moreover, there was a test of the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $5, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd in clear uptrend, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Breaks $6,400, bleu=0.1395
summarize:eos price key highlightseos has formed lower highs and higher lows to create a symmetrical triangle on its 1-hour chart. price is currently testing support and might be due for a bounce back to the top. technical indicators are signaling bearish exhaustion but the tighter consolidation suggests a potential breakout soon. eos is consolidating inside a symmetrical triangle on the short-term chart, but a breakout could happen as it approaches the peak. technical indicators signalsthe moving averages are oscillating but the 100 sma looks prime for a downward crossover to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this could mean that a breakdown is more likely to occur than a bounce. note that the triangle pattern spans 16.5 to 19.5 so the resulting breakout could last by the same height. similarly, a break past the top at 18.5 could lead, title=eos price technical analysis for 05/11/2018 – stay on the lookout for a breakout, summary=EOS Price Technical Analysis – eos Could Break Below 18.5, bleu=0.0224
summarize:we need to see some fundamentals to jolt altcoin price action today. should there be further gains say in bitcoin and eos, they are lagging behind, prices could explode. as statistics shows, stellar lumens is spearheading this week’s gain with an impressive 66 percent gain while iota is following closely at 43 percent. even though i still maintain my bullish skew, buying litecoin, eos and neo might present superior returns in the short to medium term. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)stellar lumens daily chart by trading vieweverything digital is bound to have their own weaknesses. when it comes to cryptocurrencies, some savvy black hat hackers are having a field day. according to a report from stellar protocol, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 20, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Litecoin, Iota, Stellar Lumens: Technical Analysis for XLM/USD, bleu=0.0348
summarize:all in all, there is a recovery in the crypto space and we can see that in the last day alone, the markets have gained more than $15 billion. in that time space alone, ethereum (eth) is up six percent and there is room for more not just from a fundamental point of view but from the way technicals are set up. from the newsfor adoption, then the product must be easily understood and the best way of facilitating this understanding especially amongst beginners is to eliminate industry jargon. on top of that, if it’s a digital product as ethereum then we must have a nice, intuitive interface and this is exactly what bankex has done. as a fintech company that wants to merge the blockchain and offer bank-as-a-service (baas) to their client base, bankex contributed immensely to ethereum and blockchain by launching, title=ethereum (eth) technical analysis: eth prices above $550 open doors for $1,000, summary=Cryptocurrency Markets Gain $15 Billion as Bankex Launches ethereum Bazaar, bleu=0.0258
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is recovering after finding buyers around the $475 level against the us dollar. there was a break above a short-term contracting triangle with resistance at $490 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is trading with positive signs, but it is approaching key resistances near $535 and $550. bitcoin cash price started a short-term correction above $500 against the us dollar. bch/usd could trade higher, but it is likely to face sellers near $550. bitcoin cash price resistancerecently, we saw a nasty decline in bitcoin cash price below the $500 support level against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair traded towards the $470 level and formed a low near $472. later, a short-term recovery wave was initiated and the price moved above the $480 and $490 resistance, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd recovering, could test $550, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0285
summarize:key highlightsripple price extended losses and traded below the $0.3000 support level against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line forming with resistance near the $0.3040 level on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair remains at a risk of more losses below the $0.2900 and $0.2800 support levels in the near term. ripple price is struggling to rebound against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could extend declines below $0.2800 and it may perhaps test $0.2600. ripple price resistancethis past week, there were nasty declines in ripple price below the $0.3200 support area against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair even broke the $0.3000 support and traded to a new monthly low at $0.2873. later, the price stared an upside correction above $0.2900 and recovered, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd could decline to $0.2600, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.2600, bleu=0.075
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price found a decent support near the $500-510 zone and bounced back against the us dollar. there was a break above a key bearish trend line with resistance at $545 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is gaining momentum and it seems like it could revisit the $600 zone in the near term. bitcoin cash price formed a base near $500 against the us dollar. bch/usd is showing positive signs for a test of the $580 and $600 levels. bitcoin cash price trendafter a significant decline, bitcoin cash price found support near the $500 and $510 levels against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair formed a low at $509 and later it started an upside move. the price traded higher and broke the $520 and $530 resistance levels. there was a break above, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd bounces sharply, could retest $600, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Retest $600, bleu=0.124
summarize:key highlightseth price is trading above a key support near the $502 level against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted crucial bullish trend line with support at $502 is intact on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). there was a false downside break recently, but the pair recovered back above $500. ethereum price stayed in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd must move above the $524 level to extend gains in the near term. ethereum price supportyesterday, we discussed about a few key supports near $500 in eth price against the us dollar. the price moved down recently and broke the $490 level. however, it seems like it was a false break since the price moved back above $500. a low was formed at $487 and the price moved above the 50% fib retracement, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd hold key support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Recovers Above $500, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price is under a lot of pressure as it broke the $290 and $285 supports against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line in place with resistance at $282 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair traded as low as $268 and it is currently correcting higher towards the $285-290 resistance. ethereum price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd broke key supports at $285, opening the doors for more losses. ethereum price declinethere was a sharp bearish reaction from the $307 swing high in eth against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair started a crucial downside move and broke the $302 and $290 support levels. more importantly, there was a break and close below the $285 support and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd turned bearish below $285-290, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Breaks $285, bleu=0.1335
summarize:with every second that pass, eos investors are increasingly becoming disappointed and unloading their coin holdings. we are beginning to see that because eos is one of the biggest losers in the last 24 hours. it could get worse because it’s poised to shed more if we don’t get official updates from eos new york and canada. these two are coordinating mainnet launch and updating the community. otherwise, we remain net bullish anticipating positive news to propel prices above $15. from the newsso, before their much hyped eos mainnet initiation, dan larimer and block one had let known throughout the crypto world that eos coins would be frozen for only two days. those two days are now over and three days later, block producers are haggling over which version of the mainnet to launch. much hyped #eos official #mainnet still, title=security audit delaying eosio mainnet launch: eos technical analysis (june 8, 2018), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Watch: eos, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens and Zcash, bleu=0.0475
summarize:after yesterday’s spark in bear pressure, allegation of eosio dumping eth took center stage. hawk eyed traders and observers saw this sell off happening at bitfinex and chances are it is likely to drag other alt coins with it. mind you, eos and tron mainnet launches is happening over the weekend and before then bear pressure might taper. this is sole reason why i recommend checking the 4hr chart for eos or tron bullish signals before trading. eos price analysiseos daily chart by trading viewit’s no doubt that eos continues to draw the attention of investors, speculators and haters in equal measure. the thing is long term benefits of any coin and their user case is what ultimately draws value and that’s paramount for investors. now, while binance was increasing the number of eos, title=the life of a hodler??? iota, eos, tron, stellar lumens and litecoin price technical analysis (may 29, 2018), summary=eos Price Analysis: tron, EOS, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Tron, IOTA, OTC, S&P 500, bleu=0.0364
summarize:so that’s another day done in our bitcoin price trading efforts and we’ve had another busy day in the cryptocurrency markets. things have been pretty volatile and we’re looking to take advantage of any further examples of this volatility as things mature through to their conclusion this evening. so, with this said, we’re going to jump straight into things and get our levels in place so as we don’t miss out on anything going forward. as ever, take a quick look at the chart below to get an idea where things stand and where we are looking to jump in and out of the markets as and when things move. it’s a one-minute candlestick chart and it’s got our primary range overlaid in green. as the chart shows, then, the range that we are relying on for the session this evening comes in as defined by support to the downside at 14800 and resistance to the upside at 14947., title=bitcoin price watch; here’s what’s on this evening, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – What’s Next?, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo moments things are looking brighter during the asian trading session this weekend. bitcoin has done better than hold the pivotal $8k level, it has risen to just under $9,000. as usual the movements of bitcoin are mirrored in the altcoin charts and most of them are trading higher this morning. the leading altcoin however is one that has taken a lot of flak recently. but with a 53% jump in less than 24 hours tron is on a flyer at the moment. social media has been vicious to tron and its founder. for some reason this altcoin has hit a nerve with the facebook fanboys that have been bleating on about it for some weeks. it has probably suffered a greater fud attack than any other cryptocurrency out there, with the possible exception of verge, and this may be due to the huge attack of fomo causing the coin to spike, title=morning asian altcoin trading roundup: the leader is tron, summary=Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: tron, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0216
summarize:key highlightseth price climbed higher this past week above the $880 level before facing sellers against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $860 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently correcting higher and it may correct further towards the $740 and $720 levels. ethereum price started a decent upside move against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently correcting lower since it struggling to break the $890-900 levels. ethereum price trendthis past week, there was a good start to a new upside wave in eth price above the $700 level against the us dollar. the price made good ground and it was able to move above the $750 and $800 levels. however, the price struggled to move above the $880-900 resistance levels, title=ethereum price weekly analysis – eth/usd to correct lower?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1279
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price looks ready to resume its climb as it forms a new uptrend channel on the 4-hour chart. price is also forming an inverse head and shoulders on this same time frame. applying the fib extension tool on the latest pullback shows how high bitcoin price could go from here. bitcoin price appears to have completed its pullback on the latest uptrend as it is bouncing off the area of interest. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma has crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, bulls are gaining traction and could allow the uptrend to resume. the 38.2% fib extension level lines up with the swing high around $11,000 while the 50% level is closer to the channel resistance and long-term area of interest at $12,000. the 61.8% extension is at $12,87, title=bitcoin price technical analysis for 02/28/2018 – aiming higher from here, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0303
summarize:key highlightsada price remained in a downtrend and it declined below the $0.1350 support against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial declining channel in place with resistance at $0.1300 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may correct a few points higher, but upsides could be capped by $0.1300 and $0.1350. cardano price fell further against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to extend the current slide towards the $0.1200 level in the near term. cardano price analysisthere were minor recoveries above $0.1400 in cardano price against the us dollar. however, the ada/usd pair failed to gain momentum above the $0.1400 level and declined sharply. the price broke the $0.1350 and $0.1300 support levels, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd slides further, $0.12 next?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains in Downtrend, bleu=0.1062
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets have remained largely green during this morning’s asian trading session. recovery from the lowest dip of the year has continued this week though it remains sluggish. bitcoin has traded flat over the past 24 hours and has held above the $7,300 level. altcoins have been a mixed bag with the majority in the green, one or two however have shown fomo-like gains this morning and the top coin of the day is verge yet again. coinmarketcap reports that xvg is trading at 20% higher this morning, outperforming all other altcoins in the top 25. its current price is $0.064 which is up from $0.054 this time yesterday, volume has risen significantly also indicating that prices could continue upwards. on the week verge has performed even better, up 60% from $0.040 this time last week. over the month it is, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is verge, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is Verge, bleu=0.0567
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are siacoin, waves, digixdao and huobi token. more sideways action as we end the week in crypto land. markets have lost a little today wiping out their minor gains yesterday. total market cap has fallen marginally to just over $340 billion. there is red across the boards and all cryptos are sinking once again. bitcoin has lost a fraction of a percent and is trading around $7,650 while ethereum is down 1.7% to a touch over $600. all altcoins with the exception of one or two are in the red as we enter what could be another bearish weekend. only one or two are showing positive momentum at the moment and the leading coin at the time of writing is siacoin. according to cmc siacoin is on a pump at the moment, up 9% on, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: siacoin readies for okex listing, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Oculus Rift, BTC, Zcash, Poloniex: Technical Analysis – Top Cryptocurrency, bleu=0.0129
summarize:my view is that this week will be significant for most btc alternatives and being under our radar, i really think we should look to buy ltc. on our entry chart we can see that prices are trending higher and above the main resistance line. concurrently at the daily chart, a 3-bar reversal pattern along the main support marked by the 61.8% fibonacci retracement line has formed. while at it, look to liquidate eos because it is likely that prices might move lower towards support. let’s dissect these charts:neo higher highs neousd 4hr chart for january 29, 2018neo buyers are in charge after our trade conditions were met last week. the strategy now is to buy on bull back. because the middle significance on our entry chart is significant, that will be our the perfect buy zone. even, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos and ltc, summary=eos Technical Analysis: ltc, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Nikkei, bleu=0.0323
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price declined this past week and tested the $600 support zone against the us dollar. there is a monster bearish trend line forming with resistance at $680 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from simplefx). the pair may continue to correct a few points higher, but it could face sellers near $680-700 in the near term. bitcoin cash price remains in a bearish zone below $700 against the us dollar. bch/usd must stay above the $600 level to start a fresh recovery. bitcoin cash price supportthere were heavy losses in bitcoin cash price this past week from well above $700 against the us dollar. the price declined and broke a few important supports such as $680 and $650. it traded close to the $600 support and formed a low at $599.5. later, a minor upside move was initiated, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – can bch/usd hold $600?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains in Bearish Zone, bleu=0.034
summarize:key highlightsripple price accelerated declined and broke the $0.6000 and $0.5800 support levels against the us dollar. there is a short-term bearish trend line forming with resistance at $0.5800 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair remains at a risk more losses below the $0.5600 and $0.5500 support levels. ripple price is in a bearish trend against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is struggling to hold ground and it could decline further towards $0.5400. ripple price bearish trendthere was no recovery in ripple price above the $0.6400 and $0.6500 resistance levels against the us dollar. the price declined further and it broke a major support at $0.6150. it opened the doors for more losses and the price declined below the $0.6000 and $0.5800 support levels. clearly, the price is in, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd could decline further, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5400, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightseth price started a downside correction after trading towards $830 against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $805 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may correct a few points further, but it may find support near the $725-730 zone. ethereum price is correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains supported above the $725 level, which is also a pivot zone. ethereum price resistancethere were solid gains in eth price above $800 this past week against the us dollar. the price traded above the $830 level before it faced a strong resistance. later, a downside correction was initiated and the price declined below the $800 and $780 support levels. there was also a break below the 23.6% fib, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd correcting lower, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Supported, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightseth price struggled to maintain the bullish bias and traded below the $1170 support against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $1162 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is now trading below the $1140 support level and it looks set for further declines in the near term. ethereum price made a short term top against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now trading well below $1180 and it may continue to decline further. ethereum price resistanceafter a decent upside move above $1220, eth price found resistance against the us dollar. the price formed a short-term top at $1229 and it later started a downside move. there was a break below 23.6% fib retracement level of the last leg up, title=ethereum price analysis – eth/usd breaks key support, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Continue to Decline, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightseth price started a solid upside move and traded above the $555 barrier against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted major bearish trend line with resistance at $538 was breached on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is now placed nicely above $555 and the 100 hourly simple moving average, which is a positive sign. ethereum price is showing positive signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could trade further higher if it stays above the $555 support zone. ethereum price supportthere was a strong buying interest above the $500 handle in eth price against the us dollar. it resulted in a sharp upside move and the price traded up by more than $50. the price broke a couple of key resistances such as $520 and $535. more importantly, there was a break above, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd surging higher, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Trade Further Higher, bleu=0.0677
summarize:key highlightsada price traded above the $0.2200 resistance level before correcting lower against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break below a connecting bullish trend line with support at $0.2300 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently approaching a major support area near the $0.2180 and $0.2150 levels. cardano price is correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must stay above the $0.2150 level to resume its upside move in the near term. cardano price analysisthere were further upsides above the $0.2000 pivot level in ada price against the us dollar. the price traded above the $0.2150 and $0.2200 resistance levels. there was also a break above the $0.2300 level and a high was formed at $0.2336. later, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd approaching support, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price formed a support base near $12.00 and moved higher against the us dollar. there was a break above a contracting triangle with resistance at $12.58 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair has moved into a bullish zone and it could continue to move higher towards $13.00 and $13.50. ethereum classic price is gaining traction against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd is placed nicely above $12.50 for more gains in the near term. ethereum classic price supportafter trading as low as $11.88, etc price started an upside move against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded above the $12.00 and $12.20 resistance levels. the price also traded above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last slide from the $13.47 high to $11.88, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd eyes upside break above $13, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Moving Higher, bleu=0.0285
summarize:perhaps the debate of the day hovers around the diverging polices between those in the eu and india. eu research findings strongly endorse cryptos while india’s supreme court has reasons to bar crypto dealings and get behind rbi’s decision to label them illegal. this is interesting and could potentially dent the recent revival of btc price and sentiment in coins under our review taking into consideration their fan base. let’s have a look at the charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewat long last, eos eth holdings as read from their eth two accounts is down to zero from more than three million it held as their year-long ico was in progress. majority of these eth are still held by exchanges and we already know that thanks to their extreme market activities in june and may. coincidentally, this, title=eu regulators urged not to ban cryptos despite supreme court of india’s ‘surprise” decision: litecoin, eos, iota, stellar lumens, tron technical analysis, summary=eos Technical Analysis: ICO Holdings Down to Zero, bleu=0.0085
summarize:key highlightsripple price extended its decline and broke the $0.4700 support area against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted major bullish trend line was breached with support at $0.4690 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently trading near major support levels at $0.4640 and $0.4600. ripple price struggled to recover against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is struggling and it remains at a risk of more declines below the $0.4600 support. ripple price declineyesterday, there was a downside correction from the $0.4880 swing high in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair declined and broke the $0.4800 and $0.4750 support levels. the decline was such that the price even broke the 61.8% fib retracement level of the last leg, title=ripple price analysis: can xrp/usd hold $0.4600?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.4600, bleu=0.075
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price got bid near the $1.130 level and started a recovery against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance near $1,320 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may continue to rise in the short term, but it is likely to face sellers near $1,320-40. bitcoin cash price is showing positive signs above $1,150 against the us dollar. however, upsides in bch/usd are likely to be limited by the $1,320 resistance zone. bitcoin cash price upside hurdlethis past week, there was a sharp increase in selling pressure on bitcoin cash price above $1,400 against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and traded below the $1,350 and $1,280 support levels. there was even a break below the $1,200 pivot level, which opened, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd recoveries remain limited, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,320, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to break an important resistance at $0.4675 and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below a connecting bullish trend line with support at $0.4620 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is now trading well below the $0.4600 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. ripple price is under pressure once again against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to stay above the $0.4500 support to avoid further declines. ripple price declineyesterday, we discussed a crucial hurdle near the $0.4700 resistance level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair failed to move above the $0.4675 and $0.4700 resistance levels. as a result, there was a downside move and the price broke the $0.4600 support. it also broke, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd remains in tiny range, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Above $0.4500, bleu=0.1057
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price found support near the $1,220 level and recovered slightly against the us dollar. there is a short-term bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,340 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is facing many hurdles on the upside near $1,340 and $1,350 resistance levels. bitcoin cash price is slowly recovering from $1,220 against the us dollar. bch/usd may correct in the short term, but gains above $1,350 won’t be easy. bitcoin cash price resistanceyesterday, there was a sharp downside move below $1,300 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price even traded below the $1,240 support level and almost tested the $1,200 support. a low was formed near $1,220 before the price started an upside recovery. it moved above the, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd facing uphill task, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Recovers Below $1,350, bleu=0.115
summarize:eos price key highlightseos price is finding support at the bottom of the long-term ascending channel on the daily chart. this lines up with the bottom of a short-term falling channel, so a test of this resistance is due. if the nearby resistance levels are broken, eos price could gain more upside traction to the longer-term channel top. eos bounced off the short-term and long-term channel support and is on its way to test the nearby resistance levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still above the longer-term 200 sma on this time frame to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, the gap has narrowed enough to signal that a bearish crossover might be a possibility. for now, price is making its way up to, title=eos price watch: short-term and long-term channels, summary=eos Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break Support, bleu=0.0375
summarize:fundamentals and development of bitcoin cash is not a problem. the issue we all have is the failure of price,-value-to reflect the effort of the community. not only do we have a robust network that can scale and settle transactions faster, there is wide adoption of the coin from different payment providers and merchants. as it is, bitcoin cash is down 14 percent for the week and two percent in the last 24 hours but these metrics would widen should there be a dip past $930 or may 24 lows. today’s price action is therefore important in my view. from the newsa cryptocurrency would be useless if there it has no real user case encouraging retail or corporate adoption. this is why behemoths like bitcoin, ethereum and ripple for example are driving hard selling their products to the masses. bitcoin cash is doing the same and few days after forking, revolut is listing bch, title=bitcoin cash (bch) price technical analysis (may 26, 2018), summary=Bitcoin Cash (BCH) Price Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0239
summarize:fundamentals are positive for xrp and so far, more exchanges are actually listing xrp as their base currency for expediency purposes. however, regardless of all these, we are yet to see conclusive gains as prices yield to sell demand and are now trading below 45 cents and edging close towards 40 cents. any dip below that means traders should short xrp and aim for 15 cents. from the newsa taiwanese cryptocurrency exchange, bitrue will be offering trading pairs with xrp as base. by doing so, it is diverging from the tradition set by most exchanges whose base currencies are dominated by eth and btc. besides, bitrue are inclined to provide general transparency to the ico market and to make sure that happens, they shall only list professionally selected ico tokens. this is on top of, title=xrp technical analysis: xrp heading towards 15 cents, summary=Cryptocurrency Exchange Bitrue to List xrp as Their Base Currency, bleu=0.042
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price made a short-term top near $23.00 and declined against the us dollar. sellers succeeded in pushing the price below a major bullish trend line with support at $21.30 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair is now trading near important support levels such as $20.50 and $20.00. ethereum classic price declined recently against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd has to stay above the $20.00 support to avoid a trend change in the near term. ethereum classic price supportthere were around two attempts by etc price to clear the $23.00 resistance against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair could not move above the stated $23.00 hurdle and started a downside move. it declined below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $18.11 low to $2, title=ethereum classic price technical analysis – can etc/usd hold $20?, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price is trading in a bullish zone above the $16.50 support against the us dollar. there is a crucial contracting triangle forming with resistance near $17.25 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may perhaps break the $17.20 and $17.30 resistance levels to trade further higher. ethereum classic price is eyeing more gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd has to surpass the $17.30 level to accelerate gains in the near term. ethereum classic price resistanceduring the past few days, there were bullish moves above $16.00 in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair settled above the $16.50 support area, which is a positive sign. however, the price failed on a couple of occasions to break the $17.30-40 resistance zone. it recently, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd eyeing break above $17.40, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Break $17.30, bleu=0.0367
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price continues to consolidate inside its rising wedge formation visible on the 1-hour chart. price has bounced off support to test the resistance and is now back to the bottom once more. technical indicators appear to be suggesting that the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. bitcoin price is still consolidating inside its rising wedge formation but may be due for a breakout soon. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is above the longer-term 200 sma to indicate that the path of least resistance is to the upside. this means that support is more likely to hold than to break or that an upside wedge breakout is more likely to happen than a downside move. in that event, bitcoin price could climb by the same height as the wedge pattern, which spans $5,800 to $6,800. similarly a downside break could be followed by a selloff of the same size, although the 200, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: bulls defend wedge support, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Breakout Follow?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price attempted a recovery above the $600 level against the us dollar. there is a short-term ascending channel formed with support at $590 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair could move higher if it holds the $590 support and breaks the $620 resistance. bitcoin cash price is consolidating with tiny recoveries against the us dollar. bch/usd must break the $620 resistance to recover towards $650. bitcoin cash price supportafter trading as low as $656, bitcoin cash price started a minor upside move above $570 against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair managed to move above the $580 and $600 resistance levels. it also succeeded in breaking the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last major drop from the $710 high to $565 low. however, the upside, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd upsides capped near $620, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $620, bleu=0.0684
summarize:key highlightsripple price started a downside move from the $0.3550 swing high against the us dollar. there was a break below a crucial bullish trend line with support at $0.3375 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair tested the $0.3120 support and it is currently at a risk of more losses below $0.3100. ripple price declined below key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could correct higher, but it will most likely face sellers near $0.3350. ripple price resistanceafter trading a few points above the $0.3500, ripple price faced sellers against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair formed a short-term top near the $0.3533 and later it started a downside move. the price declined and broke the $0.3400 and $0.3300 support levels. there was also, title=ripple price analysis: sell xrp/usd on rallies near $0.3350, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.115
summarize:ripple price key highlightsripple has been on a tear but is currently hitting a roadblock at the top of its 1-hour range. if the ceiling keeps holding, price could slide back to the bottom or the mid-range area of interest. technical indicators are giving mixed signals on whether the range resistance would hold or not. ripple is currently testing the top of its range visible on the 1-hour time frame, still deciding whether to make a bounce or break. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma just crossed above the longer-term 200 sma to suggest that the path of least resistance is to the upside. in other words, the uptrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. however, the moving averages could simply be oscillating at this point as price is still moving sideways. rsi is on the move down to indicate that sellers could stay in control, possibly pushing ripple price back to the bottom, title=ripple (xrp) price watch: rejected at range resistance, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – Can rsi Hold?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is holding the $1500 support area, but it is struggling to move above $1680-1700 against the us dollar. there is a short-term contracting triangle forming with current resistance at $1680 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair has to move above the $1700 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average to gain momentum. bitcoin cash price is finding it hard to overcome selling pressure near 100 sma against the us dollar. bch/usd could trade in a range before making the next move. bitcoin cash price upside barrierduring the past three sessions, there was no major move above $1680 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price was seen trading in a range of $1500-$1680. on the upside, the $1680 and $1700 levels are acting as a major barrier, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – can bch/usd surpass 100 sma?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1700, bleu=0.1144
summarize:there is a wholesome altcoin price recovery all across the board, and that’s a wonderful thing to see in this otherwise bearish trend. if there is a push and close above key fibonacci resistance levels and the middle bb in most pairs, then the better for buyers. let’s have a look at these charts:alt coin xlm/usdxlmusd daily chart for february 8, 2018from a buyer’s perspective, nem price action is doing relatively good and it is definitely their desire for prices to close above $0.45 or the 61.8% fibonacci retracement level anchoring on previous move up. of course, we shall reiterate that the general mood is bearish and going forward, the majestic middle bb shall continue being the guillotine of any buy pressure unless of course there are sharps move above $0.50, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, nem and lumens, summary=Altcoin Price Technical Analysis – XLM/USDXL Musd Could Close Above $0.50, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price settled below the $0.1600 level and it is currently in a bearish zone against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major contracting triangle forming with resistance at $0.1540 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair must break the $0.1500 and $0.1550 resistance levels to start an upward move. cardano price is struggling to move higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd has to settle back above $0.1550 to start a fresh recovery in the near term. cardano price upside hurdlethere were further losses from the $0.1800 swing high in ada price against the us dollar. the price declined below the $0.1500 and $0.1400 levels to move deep into the red zone. it traded towards the $0.1300 level before starting an upside correction., title=cardano price technical analysis – can ada/usd correct higher?, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1374
summarize:neo, litecoin, stellar lumens, iota and eos are inching higher but it’s that strong surge in litecoin that makes it our highlight today. for the second consecutive day, the top 10 liquid cryptocurrencies are in the green. that’s a breather and considering the positive correlation of bitcoin and altcoins, gains in the former should help drive prices in the later. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlmusd daily chart from bittrex for april 4, 2018leading the altcoins charge is stellar lumens. adding on yesterday’s gains, stellar lumens is up 3.15% in the last 24 hours according to data from coinmarketcap. from our previous stellar lumens technical analysis, all buyers needed was a close, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar lumens: technical analysis april 4, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Ether, Nikkei: Technical Analysis for april 4, 2018, bleu=0.1286
summarize:are these bear flashes important for nem buyers? maybe, maybe not. in fact the deeper, the better and for most coins, we now need simple confirmations before we initiate longs. a point in case is ltc, dash and monero. these are btc alternatives which have been on the receiving end for pretty much the better part of december 2017. for dash, buyers were ramping up their long below $1000 and if it continues this way, prices could be on their way snapping back trend. let’s have a look at other alt coin chartsclose above $1.62 is supportive of nemxemusd 4hr chart for january 9, 2018it’s a pretty nice dip and bounce from $1.35 and what do we do from now? well, as we can see, the long lower wick hints of intra-day buy pressure and, title=close above $1.62 is supportive of nem, summary=ltc, dash, monero, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex: nemxemusd Technical Analysis, Jan. 9, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price started a downside correction after trading above the $875 level against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line formed with support at $830 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must stay above the $820 and $830 support levels to avoid more declines. bitcoin cash price is correcting lower against the us dollar. bch/usd is currently approaching an important support area near the $820-830 levels. bitcoin cash price supportyesterday, we saw a decent upward move above the $750 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair even broke the $870 level and traded close to the $880 level. a high was formed near $878 before the price started a downside correction. the price declined and traded below the 23.6% fib re, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd testing key support near $820, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0285
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to move above the $0.7500 resistance area and declined against the us dollar. there was a break below this week’s ascending channel with support at $0.7200 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair declined below the $0.7000 support and moved back in a bearish zone. ripple price traded below key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now back in a short-term bearish trend below the $0.7000 support. ripple price trendthis week, we discussed about a major resistance near $0.7500 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price struggled to move above the $0.7450 and $0.7500 resistance levels. as a result, there was a downside reaction and the price declined below the $0.7200 support level. there was a sharp increase in selling pressure and the, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd turned short-term bearish, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.042
summarize:it has been a hot and cold week for bitcoin and alt coins as neo, litecoin, stellar lumens, iota and eos. while impressive developments continue to happen in most of these coins, our altcoins technical analysis points to lower lows in the coming days unless otherwise. this week i shall primarily focus on eos-it’s up 5.34% in the last 7 days and see if buyers will build on dawn 3.0 news. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlmusd 4hr chart from bittrex for april 9, 2018supportive comments from ibm over the weekend and after all, they have a stake in stellar. as we all know, ibm is a technological front runner and blockchain, title=neo, eos, litecoin, iota and stellar: technical analysis april 9, 2018, summary=Bitcoin Technical Analysis – XLM, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Iota and EOS, bleu=0.0348
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price found support near the $5,970-6,000 area and recovered nicely against the us dollar. there is a major contracting triangle forming with resistance near $6,480 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must break the $6,480 and $6,570 resistance levels to gain upside momentum in the near term. bitcoin price is showing positive signs above $6,280 against the us dollar. btc/usd could soon break the $6,480 and $6,570 resistances to rebound further. bitcoin price analysisthis past week, we saw heavy declines below $6,550 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair even broke the $6,000 support, but buyers appeared and protected more declines. a low was formed at $5,794 and the price started an upward correction. the price moved above the, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd could rebound above $6,500, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $6,480, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price fell sharply and even broke the $700 handle against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance near $735 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may correct higher in the short term, but upsides are likely to be capped by $710-730. bitcoin cash price is back in a bearish trend below $750 against the us dollar. bch/usd is now facing many challenges on the upside above $710. bitcoin cash price resistancesyesterday, there was a sharp downside move from well above $750 in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair tumbled by more than $50 and broke the $730 and $700 supports. it traded as low as $684 and it is currently consolidating losses. an initial resistance is near the 23., title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd upsides remain capped, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key highlightsripple price is slowly on the move and is currently trading above the $0.6800 resistance against the us dollar. there is a crucial ascending channel forming with support at $0.6850 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently placed nicely in an uptrend and it could extend gains above $0.7100 in the near term. ripple price is moving nicely in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may well rise further above $0.7100 and towards $0.7400. ripple price trendthere was a decent support base formed near the $0.6500 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $0.6600 and $0.6800 resistance levels. the upside move was positive as there was a close above the $0.6800 resistance and the 100 hourly simple moving average., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd could extend upsides, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.7100, bleu=0.0339
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined this past week and moved below the $10,000 level against the us dollar. there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $10,350 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from simplefx). the pair must stay above the $9,300 and $9,000 support levels to avoid further declines in the near term. bitcoin price is under pressure below the $10,000 level against the us dollar. btc/usd remains at a risk of more declines if the pair fails to hold the $9,000 support. bitcoin price resistancethis past week, there was an increase in bearish pressure on bitcoin price from the $10,800 swing high against the us dollar. the price started a downside move and traded below the $10,500 support level. there was also a break below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis – can btc/usd hold $9,000?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains at Risk of Further Declines, bleu=0.1136
summarize:key highlightseth price is gaining solid bullish momentum and it recently broke the $1150 level against the us dollar. there was a break above a crucial resistance trend line at $1100 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair might extend the recent gains and it could even break above the $1200 level soon. ethereum price is surging higher against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could accelerate further and move past the $1200 level. ethereum price bullish trendthere were non-stop gains in eth price above the $1000 level against the us dollar. the price gained solid bullish momentum and was able to move above the $1100 and $1150 resistance levels. a new high was formed recently at $1176.46 where it faced a minor selling interest. during the upside move, there was a break above, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd to break $1200, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $1200, bleu=0.1585
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price remained in a bearish zone above the $7,000 support against the us dollar. there is a key declining channel forming with resistance at $7,600 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair has to stay above the $7,200 and $7,000 support levels to avoid a major downside break. bitcoin price is trading well below the $7,600 pivot level against the us dollar. if btc/usd breaks the $7,000-7,200 support, there could be heavy declines. bitcoin price declinethis past week, there were heavy losses from the $8,500 swing high in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the price declined sharply and broke two important support levels at $8,150 and $7,900. the decline was such that the price even broke the $7,600 pivot level. it traded close to the $7,000, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: can btc/usd hold $7k?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $7,600, bleu=0.1246
summarize:key highlightsada price declined further and traded below the $0.1620 support against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial bearish trend line formed with resistance at $0.1680 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is under pressure and upsides will most likely be capped by the $0.1650 and $0.1680 levels. cardano price is under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd could extend declines as long as it is below the $0.1700 level. cardano price analysisin the last analysis, we discussed that cardano price remained at a risk of more losses below $0.1600 against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair did move down and broke the $0.1600 support. it traded as low as $0.1560 and later recovered. however, the upside, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd upsides capped near $0.1700, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Remains Under Pressure, bleu=0.1274
summarize:initial coin offerings (icos) were the talk of the town last year, drawing the eyes and ears of worldwide investors. however, deadcoins has reported that over 800 cryptocurrencies now lay lifeless, with many of these projects enlisting business practices reminiscent of scams. ‘deadcoins’ says over 800 cryptocurrencies now lay lifelessdeadcoins, a collection of cryptocurrency ‘eulogies’, now has a list of over 800 cryptocurrencies that lack a promising outlook. although this may be poking fun at these 800 projects, the issue still remains. that is, the growing issue with questionable projects attempting to draw the attention of unsuspecting investors. take the example of world of battles, an ico project that shouldn’t ring any bells. although a novel idea, world of battles quickly fell under suspicion from seasoned cryptocurrency community, title=deadcoins brings attention to 800 lifeless cryptos, summary=‘Deadcoins’: Over 800 Cryptocurrencies Now Lay Lifeless, bleu=0.0552
summarize:it’s apparent that cryptocurrency, prices are immune to any form of "minor” news event. we have seen many of these not only from charlie lee but straight from litecoin foundations. vrporn, litepay, several merchant listing and even news from coinbase fund management index are not appeasing these angry bears. as a matter of fact, litecoin is down 25 percent in the last week but with a market cap of $5.2 billion, its $3.5 billion shy from eos market cap. this means should eos problems continue, we another flip could happen propelling litecoin back to the top 5. let’s have a look at these charts:from the newshere’s a thing or two about cryptocurrency lending business models: most people consider them as ponzi schemes if not outright fraud. we have see bitconnect and, title=next stop $70 and $50: litecoin (ltc) technical analysis (june 14, 2018), summary=Litecoin (LTC) Price Watch: vrporn, litepay, Cryptocurrency Market Analysis, bleu=0.0262
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price fell significantly and broke the $600 support against the us dollar. there is a new contracting triangle forming with resistance near $608 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to resume its downside move once the current correction is complete near $600-610. bitcoin cash price settled below $600 against the us dollar. bch/usd is currently correcting higher, but it could face sellers near the $600-610 zone. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was no stopping sellers as bitcoin cash price declined below the $620 and $600 supports against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair even broke the $580 support and traded to a new weekly low at $565. later, the price started an upside correction and traded above the $580 level. however, it seems like the current upside move could face a lot of, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd remains sell on rallies, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0342
summarize:regardless of our stand, tron is making progress by not only marketing themselves but by placing themselves at strategic points as they aim to expose themselves to incoming capital injection. so far we have seen collaboration with exchanges but with shift market and bitforex, it’s a different ball game. as this is happening, iota is low while eos is struggling to print above june 2 highs. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewafter mainnet launch, the scale and scope of the eos project is becoming more apparent. by all accounts, it’s genuinely massive. that’s not only because it’s a global project but because of the sheer level of participation not only from individual influencers but from block producers who want to man the eos network. yes, we have exchanges bidding and advertising their intentions to eo, title=iota network security fuds resurfaces denting bulls: iota, tron, eos, litecoin and stellar lumens technical analysis (june 7, 2018), summary=eos Technical Analysis: tron, Bitforex, IOTA, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, EOS, NEM, Poloniex, bleu=0.0388
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is a major uptrend and is currently well above $1,250 against the us dollar. there is a key contracting triangle forming with support at $1,240 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair will most likely accelerate higher and it could soon break the $1,300 level in the near term. bitcoin cash price is soaring higher to break $1,300 against the us dollar. bch/usd remains in a nasty uptrend with supports at $1,250 and $1,240. bitcoin cash price trendthere was no stopping buyers as bitcoin cash price climbed above the $1,200 level against the us dollar. the price even succeeded in trading above the $1,250 level to set the pace for more gains. the last swing high was at $1,265 from where there was a minor downside correction. it declined and, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – bch/usd to surge above $1,300, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,300, bleu=0.068
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price surged higher and broke the $1,550 and $1,700 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a crucial bullish trend line forming with support near $1,680 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may correct a few points, but it remains supported above $1,650 in the near term. bitcoin cash price broke the $1,700 barrier against the us dollar. bch/usd is likely to accelerate higher as long as it stays above the $1,650 support. bitcoin cash price supportthere were continuous gains in bitcoin cash price from the $1,450 swing low against the us dollar. the price surged higher and broke many barriers such as $1,500, $1,550 and $1,700. it even cleared the $1,800 hurdle and traded as high as $1,838 recently. the current price action, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd accelerating higher, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $1,650, bleu=0.0367
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price is currently trading in a bearish zone below the $6,250 support against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line formed with resistance near $6,400 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently trading below the $6,000 level and it could extend declines towards $5,600. bitcoin price is in a super bearish zone below $6,250 against the us dollar. btc/usd is currently at a risk of more losses towards the $5,600 level. bitcoin price trendthis past week, bitcoin price failed to move above the $6,700 and $6,800 resistance levels against the us dollar. as a result, there was a downside reaction and the btc/usd pair broke the $6,500 support. the decline got traction and the price even broke the $6, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: btc/usd bearish below $6,000, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Break $5,600, bleu=0.1355
summarize:like most coins in the top 10, ethereum prices is making a recovery. it is up 12 percent in the last week and with this shift of sentiment from the sec, it is likely that we might see higher highs in the coming sessions. besides, casper ffg is now live at github for wider scrutiny meaning that there is a real push from behind the scenes to finally cement ethereum as a go to platform for dapps and smart contracts. from the newspound to pound, ethereum performs better than bitcoin. yes, we can argue about the total network value where bitcoin remains king while ethereum crawls at its shadow. however, when we talk results and efficacy the later thrashes bitcoin by far. in case you want to have a feel and gauge by yourself, combing through stats can be illuminating. on, title=ethereum (ethusd) technical analysis: may 10, 2018, summary=ethereum Price Technical Analysis – XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Ether, Stellar Lumens, EOS Wallets, bleu=0.0228
summarize:key highlightseth price traded higher, but it failed to hold gains above $300 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line capping gains with current resistance at $299 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may dip a few points and it could test the $273 and $271 support levels. ethereum price failed to hold gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd buyers did not succeed in clearing a strong sell zone near $300 and the 100 hourly sma. ethereum price resistanceyesterday, there was a short-term correction initiated above the $260 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded above the $275 and $285 levels to gain traction. there was also a break above the 50% fib retracement level, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd’s failure near $300 explained, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $300, bleu=0.0958
summarize:key highlightsripple price formed a key bottom near the $0.4588 and moved higher against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line forming with support at $0.5000 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may continue to move higher and it could even break the $0.5200 level in the near term. ripple price is showing positive signs against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is currently above $0.5000 and it looks set to break the $0.5200 level. ripple price supportafter a major decline, there was a strong buying interest above the $0.4500 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price formed a key bottom near the $0.4588 and started an upward move. it broke the $0.4800 and $0.5000 resistance levels to set the pace for more gains. during the upside, there was a break, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd to break $0.5200?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5200, bleu=0.0741
summarize:fomo momentsthe crypto selloff that started this week has abated and markets are relatively stable, and even up marginally, this morning in asia. total market capitalization is over $420 billion at the moment which is a little higher than yesterday’s level. bitcoin has hovered around $9,000 over the past 24 hours and has gained just under 1%. altcoins are nearly all in the green with of course one or two performing much better than the others. today’s altcoin of the morning is eos, and verge is not far behind. we seem to be featuring the same cryptocurrencies time and time again on ‘fomo moments’ which is testament to their resilience and performance when the digital chips are down. coinmarketcap is reporting a 12% climb for eos which is trading at just under $19 at the moment. it took a hit yesterday and fell back, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup may 2: eos passes ethereum in trade volume, summary=eos, Verge, Ripple, Stellar Lumens: Altcoin of the Day: XRP, bleu=0.0313
summarize:key highlightsripple price traded close to the $0.9250 level before it faced a strong resistance against the us dollar. there was a break below an important bullish trend line with support at $0.9000 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently under pressure and it could continue to decline towards $0.7800 in the near term. ripple price is trimming its recent gains against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd may perhaps extend the current decline towards the $0.7900 and $0.7800 support levels. ripple price declinethis past week, we saw a decent upside move above $0.9000 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded above the $0.9200 level and formed a high at $0.9240. later, a downside correction was initiated and the price declined below the $0.9000 and $0.8800 support levels. during the, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd trimming gains, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Continue Downtrend, bleu=0.0446
summarize:key highlightseth price gained traction and moved above the $690 and $700 resistance levels against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line formed with support at $704 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to stay above the $704 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average to move higher. ethereum price is back in a positive zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd has to remain above the 100 hourly sma to extend gains above $715. ethereum price supportthe past few sessions were mostly positive for eth price as it moved above the $690 and $700 resistance levels against the us dollar. the price even spiked above the $720 level, but it failed to extend gains towards $740. a high was formed at $724.80 before the price started, title=ethereum price analysis: can eth/usd continue higher?, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0759
summarize:tron price key highlightstron recently broke past a descending trend line on the 4-hour chart to signal a reversal from the downtrend. price hit resistance at 0.0435 and is in the middle of a correction from the rally. using the fibonacci retracement tool shows the near-term support levels where buyers might be waiting. tron is in the middle of a pullback from its recent surge higher, and buyers might be waiting at the fib retracement levels. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is still below the longer-term 200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, there’s still a chance for the selloff to resume from here. the 200 sma appears to have held as dynamic resistance and might continue to do so. rsi is also heading lower to signal that sellers have the upper, title=tron (trx) price watch: more bulls ready to join this retest?, summary=tron Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0255
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined from the $0.9640 swing high and broke the $0.8500 support against the us dollar. there is a short-term connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $0.8080 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair must break the $0.8080 and $0.8150 resistance levels to move back in a positive zone. ripple price broke a few key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd has to clear the $0.8150 hurdle to start a fresh upside move in the near term. ripple price resistancethere was a downside reaction in ripple price from well above $0.9500 against the us dollar. the price started a new decline and broke the $0.8800 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. the decline was such that the price even broke the $0.8500 support and the $0.8, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd recover?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.8500, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined further and broke a key support at usd 6,300 against the us dollar. there was a break below a contracting triangle with support at $6,310 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is currently under pressure and it remains at a risk of more losses below $6,200. bitcoin price dropped significantly below $6,300 against the us dollar. btc/usd is accelerating losses towards the next supports at $6,100 and $6,050. bitcoin price analysisbitcoin price started a short-term correction after trading toward the $6,280 level against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair moved a few points higher and traded above the $6,300 and $6,350 levels. however, the upside move was capped by the 23.6% fib retracement, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd trend overwhelmingly bearish, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Breaking Key Support, bleu=0.1395
summarize:key highlightseth price started a sharp downside move and traded below the $700 and $690 supports against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted key bullish trend line with support at $725 was broken on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is now back in a short-term bearish zone and it could retest the $660 support. ethereum price nosedived against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently trading well below the $700 level and it moved into a bearish zone. ethereum price declinethere was no upside break above the $742 resistance in eth price against the us dollar. the price started a sharp downside move and declined below the $730, $720 and $710 support levels. it seems like the price was rejected from the $742 level and buyers failed to gain bullish, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd nosedives below $690, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Retest $660, bleu=0.075
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price is struggling to break the $1,280-90 resistance area against the us dollar. there is a short-term connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $1,220 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from simplefx). the pair must stay above the $1,200 level to move further higher towards the $1,350 level. bitcoin cash price is facing a tough challenge below the $1,300 level against the us dollar. bch/usd has to gain strength above $1,280 to rise further. bitcoin cash price trendthere was an attempt recently to move above the $1,280 and $1,290 resistance levels in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. however, the price faced a lot of sellers near $1,290 and it could not move above the $1,300 level. as a result, there was a downside move and the price broke the, title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis – can bch/usd hold uptrend?, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $1,300, bleu=0.1236
summarize:technically and if we can take a top-down approach, litecoin is trending higher. however, given the events of yesterday where we saw gains clipped by as much as 10 percent down from 14 percent earlier this week, litecoin bulls stand on a shaky ground. because of this, it’s likely that prices may continue reversing july 2 gains and in that case i suggest take a wait and see approach. from the newswhat a time to be alive. too much popcorn for decentralized currencies "poised to revolutionize the world”. at this rate, many are opting to have a time stamp receipt at their local grocery shop rather than using fast settling cryptocurrencies like litecoin and even bitcoin cash. well, there are many reasons why. first, the declaration by binance that they are creating a safu for, title=litecoin (ltc) technical analysis: litecoins bulls are shaky, summary=Litecoin (LTC) Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Rebound, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightsada price started a nice upside move after testing the $0.1550 support against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break above a crucial bearish trend line with resistance at $0.1650 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is currently placed above the 100 hourly simple moving average and the $0.1700 support. cardano price is gaining momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to move further higher above the $0.1800 level in the near term. cardano price analysisafter a major downside correction, cardano price found support above the $0.1500 level against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair formed a low at $0.1542 and later started an upside move. it traded above the $0.1600 resistance to start a decent recovery., title=cardano price analysis: dips in ada/usd remains supported, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Recover Further, bleu=0.1395
summarize:fomo momentsas we enter another week in crypto land markets have retracted slightly and negative momentum has caused a correction once again during asian trading. total market capitalization has remained well above $400 billion but has fallen a little on the day. bitcoin has fallen slightly over the past 24 hours dropping 1.65% back to just over $9,300 which is still in positive territory. altcoins are mostly in the red this morning as traders take profits which is a natural part of the market cycle. as usual one is standing out from the rest with solid gains over the past day and that coin at the moment is nano. according to coinmarketcap nano has gained 10% over the past 24 hours and continues to climb in asia this morning. trading at $8.45 nano has risen steadily from $7.64 this time yesterday when most other altcoins have fallen during the period. over the week nano is up 18.6%, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: top altcoin is nano, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: Top Cryptocurrency is Nano, bleu=0.0567
summarize:key highlightsripple price made a nice upside move and traded above the $0.5175 resistance against the us dollar. there is a new bullish trend line forming with support near the $0.5180 level on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair may correct a few points lower, but the $0.5180 and $0.5175 are likely to act as supports. ripple price is moving higher with a positive bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now placed nicely above the resistance turned support at $0.5175. ripple price trendthere were more gains observed above the $0.5000 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price made a nice upside move and succeeded in breaking a major hurdle near the $0.5175 level. it even traded above the $0.5200 level and tested the $0.5500 resistance zone. at the moment, the, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd continue higher?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5175, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price extended its downside correction and declined below $7,400 against the us dollar. there was a break below a major ascending channel with support at $7,520 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is now trading well below the $7,550 pivot level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin price has moved into a short-term bearish zone below $7,550 against the us dollar. btc/usd could correct higher, but upsides are likely to be capped. bitcoin price analysisafter trading above the $7,700 level, bitcoin price faced selling pressure against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair topped at $7,779 and started a downside move. the price declined and moved below the $7,600 and $7,500 support levels. the most important move was a close, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd turned short-term bearish, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Correct Higher, bleu=0.1395
summarize:fomo momentsentering the weekend crypto markets have remained bullish and are continuing to climb. total market capitalization has crossed $450 billion and is marching upwards for the time being. bitcoin has crept towards the critical $10k barrier but has failed to break it rising 2% on the day to trade at $9,800. altcoins are largely mixed during asian trade this morning with most of the top ten in the green but many of the others retracting slightly. one showing the biggest gains in the top 25 at the moment is litecoin. ltc is rarely featured as the top performing coin of the day as it is a relatively slow mover compared to some of the others. coinmarketcap however is reporting an 8.5% rise for litecoin which has enabled it to retake sixth spot in the market cap charts from cardano. currently litecoin is trading, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: litecoin lifted as rumors of lee leaving emerge, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: Litecoin Retakes Sixth Place in Top 25, bleu=0.0312
summarize:weekend’s price action was a short in the arm for bitcoin, iota and a host of other coins under our focus. eos is also stable despite claims of block producer crash by eos new york. on the other hand, tron implements their incentivization plan which is overly good for network development. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewfrom accusations of two percent of coin holders owning more than 90 percent of all eos coins in circulation, ram speculation, eos centralization calls due to their emphasis on scalability and speed and now claims that some block producers actually crashed when their network ram capacity exceeded one gb is just ridiculous. some block producers crashed when ram usage on eos exceeded 1gb tonight. either they only had 1gb or they did not configure their node, title=litecoin, eos, stellar lumens, tron, iota technical analysis: eos plateaus to tame “expensive” ram prices?, summary=EOS Technical Analysis: eos, iota, Ripple, Stellar Lumens and Litecoin, bleu=0.0597
summarize:key highlightsripple price tumbled sharply and moved below the $1.0000 support against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1.0200 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair is likely to extend declines and it could even break below the $0.7500 support in the near term. ripple price is under immense pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to accelerate declines below the $0.7500 support level. ripple price declinethere was the start to a new downside wave yesterday from the $1.1500 high in ripple price against the us dollar. the price tumbled and moved below the $1.0000 and $0.9000 support levels. to initiate the downside move, there was a break below a contracting triangle with support at $1.0600 on the hourly chart of the, title=ripple technical analysis – xrp/usd to trade below $0.7500?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.7500, bleu=0.0741
summarize:fomo momentsmarkets are slowly inching upwards as we near the end of another week in cryptoland. the dip was short-lived and total market capitalization is at a two monthly high of $440 billion. bitcoin has not made significant gains over $9,000 but is up 2% on the day at $9,250. the momentum this time is coming from the altcoins and most of them are in the green during the morning’s asian trading session. today we feature a new altcoin that has just pushed its way into the top 25 and it is bytecoin. the revamped coinmarketcap website is reporting a 24% jump in bcn which has nudged zcash out of the top 25 this morning. currently trading at $0.0064 this relatively unknown altcoin has spiked from $0.0051 this time yesterday. the pump started a couple, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup may 3: bytecoin breaks $1billion market cap, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Up 2%, bleu=0.0157
summarize:a day before tron launches their turing complete and evm compatible virtual machine, trx is down five cent. encouragingly though, it is up 28 percent on a weekly basis. concurrently, ada is up 15 percent on a the same time frame as eos literally outperforms in the top 10 after gaining five percent in day where most coins slowed shedding a ball park four percent. let’s have a look at these charts:eos price analysisfrom the newsstraight from damning revelation of smart contract vulnerabilities allowing for ram exploitation and lock up of other users ram, there seem to be reprieve for eos and their investors. it all has to do with the proposal for a referendum or a voting system that will allow the $35 million worth of eos in treasury to be allocated, title=cardano, tron, litecoin, stellar lumens, eos price analysis: eos outperforms as tron dips ahead of tvm launch, summary=eos Price Analysis: trx, Ada, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, EOS, Volatility and More, bleu=0.0258
summarize:cardano price key highlightscardano price continues to trend lower as it moves inside a descending channel on the 4-hour time frame. price is also trading below a short-term descending trend line to reflect a steeper slide. if this trend line continues to hold, cardano price could fall below the larger channel support. cardano is trending lower and might be due for a downside break of the nearby support zone. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. also, the gap between the moving averages is widening to signal stronger bearish momentum. the top of the descending channel is right in between the moving averages’ dynamic inflection points so either could also keep gains in check from 0.1600, title=cardano (ada) price watch: several upside barriers, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsada price failed to move above the $0.1700 level and declined sharply against the us dollar (tethered). there is a major contracting triangle in place with support near $0.1560 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is at a risk of more losses below the $0.1560 and $0.1540 levels in the near term. cardano price is struggling to hold important supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd must stay above $0.1560 to recover above $0.1600. cardano price analysisrecently, ada price managed to move above the $0.1600 level against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair traded towards the $0.1700 level where it faced a strong selling interest. as a result, there was a downside reaction and the price declined back, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd struggling near key support, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Recover Below $0.1600, bleu=0.115
summarize:key highlightsripple price climbed further higher and traded above the $0.3500 resistance against the us dollar. there is a major bullish trend line formed with support at $0.3415 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower, but it is likely to find support near $0.3410 and $0.3350. ripple price is gaining pace against the us dollar while it is stable vs and bitcoin. xrp/usd could decline a few points, but buyers remain in control above $0.3300. ripple price supportthere were solid bullish moves in ripple price above the $0.3300 support area against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair traded further higher and climbed above the $0.3500 resistance. the trend was positive and the price settled above the $0.3400 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average, title=ripple price analysis: buy dips in xrp/usd above $0.3300, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.3300, bleu=0.069
summarize:overly, sellers did spring back to action and completely reversing june 14 gains in some coins as iota. however, in the midst of all sells, stellar lumens is resilient losing three percent. on the other hand, iota reversed 100 percent of their 24 hours gains with lows testing minor support at $1.10. so, even if we remain upbeat expecting buyers to spring back, any breach of support triggering means we trade with the trend as we aim at the next support level of each respective coin’s in the daily chart. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewit’s a milestone for eos and as expected, critics and claims of "centralization” saturate the crypto sphere but that’s normal. fact is, already there eosio is live, block validation can now proceed, title=if bitcoin isn’t a security according to sec, which coins are? : iota, eos, stellar lumens, litecoin and tron technical analysis (june 16, 2018), summary=eos Technical Analysis: iota Reverses 100% of 24 Hour Gains, bleu=0.0142
summarize:key highlightsada price popped higher and broke the $0.1330 resistance zone against the us dollar (tethered). there was a break above a key contracting triangle with resistance near $0.1390 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair is likely to move further higher and it could soon break the $0.1450 resistance. cardano price is placed in a bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to accelerate above the $0.1450 and $0.1500 resistances in the near term. cardano price analysisthere was a decent support base formed above the $0.1250 level in cardano price against the us dollar. the ada/usd pair started a nice upside move and broke the $0.1300 and $0.1330 resistance levels. the upside move was strong as the, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd bullish above $0.1400, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.1450, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsada price is struggling to move above the $0.3600 and $0.3800 resistance levels against the us dollar (tethered). there is a short term contracting triangle forming with resistance at $0.3400 on the hourly chart of ada/usd (data feed via bittrex). the pair may soon break the triangle for the next move either above $0.3500 or below $0.3200. cardano price is currently moving inside a range against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd may soon make the next move either above $0.3500 or below $0.3200. cardano price resistancethere were a couple of attempts by buyers to push ada price above the $0.3800 and $0.4000 levels against the us dollar. however, they failed and as a result, there was a downside reaction below the $0.3500 level. the price moved below the, title=cardano price technical analysis, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Break $0.3200, bleu=0.0
summarize:ripple price key highlightsripple price recently fell through short-term consolidation to test the bottom of its channel. support appears to be holding, so price could be due for a pullback to the descending channel resistance from here. the fib retracement tool shows the potential correction levels where more bears might be waiting. ripple price fell to the bottom of its descending channel on the 1-hour chart and might be due for a quick correction. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to show that the path of least resistance is to the downside. in other words, the downtrend is more likely to resume than to reverse. rsi is already indicating oversold conditions or that sellers are feeling exhausted. turning higher could bring more buyers in and allow the correction to unfold. similarly stochastic appears to be making its way out of the oversold region to signal, title=ripple (xrp) price watch: bearish pullback in the making, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0
summarize:these high liquid alt-coins- lumens, neo, ltc, monero, iota and ltc continue to edge higher. as per our expectation and as history shows, often strong surges are followed by periods of lower lows or consolidation before trend resumes. that’s what we saw yesterday and it is for this reason that we should wait for better entries before trading. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (lumens)xlm/usd bittrex 4hr chart for march 20, 2018most cryptocurrencies got a short in the arm after march 18 g20 revelation that cryptocurrencies don’t actually pose a threat to the establishment. going by that, all high liquid coins are edging higher with lumens gaining 24.74% according to data from coinmarketcap. it is, title=neo, eos, ltc, iota, lumens: technical analysis march 20, 2018, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: XLM/USD, Litecoin, NEO, LTC, IOTA and Ltc Continue to Edging Higher, bleu=0.0272
summarize:fomo momentstoday’s asian trading session has been a positive one and crypto markets have maintained upward momentum for the second day running. bitcoin has pushed back over $7,000 and has gained 2.3% on the day to trade at $7,150 at the time of writing. whether this is just another small rally and things will continue back down remains to be seen at the moment. altcoins are pretty much all trading higher this afternoon in asia and one outperforming the rest is neo. coinmarketcap reports that neo is trading 16% higher on the day, up to $54.55 from $47 this time yesterday. over the week the ‘chinese ethereum’ has increased by 12% from around $49 this time last week. over the past month however neo has had a torrid time, falling around 40% from $90 this time last month. n, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is neo, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: neo Trading 16% Higher on the Day, bleu=0.0367
summarize:we expect ethereum prices to appreciate in the days to come especially if we view price action from the weekly chart. so, when we see retracement as such, ethereum buyers should be preparing to ramp up at cheaper prices with fine tuning happening in lower time frames. in my view, potential support lies at $550 and that’s where buyers should pick up buy signals and aim for $850. otherwise, ideal entries for cautious traders should be above $650. from the newswe cannot refute ethereum possibilities. it did not only allow for wholesale tokenization but with smart contract, there is innovation and creation of new opportunities. while this has been revolutionizing, the limitation of throughput has been a major concern. a slow throughput inevitably leads to network congestion as more people utilize this platform. as it is ethereum can handle a maximum of 15 tps meaning it cannot compete, title=vitalik’s sharding and plasma is justin sun’s 10,000 tps checkmate: ethereum (eth) price technical analysis (june 5, 2018), summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ethereum Price Retracement Possible?, bleu=0.0103
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined sharply and broke the $8,060 support level against the us dollar. there is a key bearish trend line formed with resistance near $8,200 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to consolidate in the short term below the $8,060 and $8,200 resistances. bitcoin price trimmed its intraday gains against the us dollar. btc/usd settled below $8,000 and is currently trading in a range near $7,900. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, there was a start of a downward move from the $8,500 swing high in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair declined and broke the $8,300 and $8,100 support levels. there was also a close below the $8,060 support level and the 100 hourly, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd likely to consolidate below $8,200, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Breaks $8,200, bleu=0.1463
summarize:key highlightsripple price declined further and broke a key support at $0.4500 against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key contracting triangle was breached with support at $0.4530 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently under pressure and is facing resistances near the $0.4520 and $0.4550 levels. ripple price is in a negative zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to retest the $0.4300 support if sellers remain in action. ripple price declinethere was no upside move above $0.4560 in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair faced an increased selling pressure, resulting in a downside move below the $0.4500 support. the price declined sharply and settled below the $0.4500 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. these, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd upsides capped near $0.4550, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest $0.4500, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightsripple price jumped from the $0.5500 support zone and moved above $0.6000 against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted important bearish trend line with resistance at $0.6000 was breached on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is now placed nicely above the $0.6000 level and it could accelerate gains in the near term. ripple price started a nice upside move against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is now back above $0.6000 and is currently trading with a bullish bias. ripple price trendit seems like there was a strong buying interest around $0.5500 in ripple price against the us dollar. the price started a solid upside move from the $0.5460 low and moved above the $0.5800 resistance level. there was also a break above the 50% fib retracement level of the last drop from the, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd back above $0.60, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1413
summarize:all coins in the top 10 are in a decline printing losses in the last 24 hours. even eos and tron are in negative territories despite major market moving events coming in less than two weeks. well, this is good for value traders who are busy buying on dips in lower time frames. in my view, tron, iota, eos and litecoin have high chances of appreciating especially if they find support today or tomorrow. if eos for example spring back above $13, buying would be a good move. otherwise, $7.5 can be a reality sooner than later. eos price analysiseos daily chart by trading viewlike the rest of the market, eos is on a slide losing 11 percent in the last 24 hours. it’s but a counter move and completely fading our upbeat feel. yes, we have, title=unverified source claims tron-alibaba deal will be officially announced shortly after mainnet launch: eos, tron, litecoin, stellar lumens and iota price technical analysis (may 24), summary=eos Price Analysis: tron, iota, EOS and Litecoin in Decline, bleu=0.0212
summarize:key highlightseth price is currently correcting higher after a sharp decline toward the $500 level against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted key bearish trend line is intact with resistance at $545 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to move higher toward the $540 and $545 resistance levels in the near term. ethereum price is currently recovering against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is likely to face sellers on the upside near the $540-545 zone. ethereum price resistanceafter a sharp decline, eth price found support around the $500 level against the us dollar. the price traded as low as $503.04 before forming a short-term support. later, it started an upside correction and traded above the $515 level. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd approaching resistance, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover Further, bleu=0.075
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price traded to a new low at $7,426 and is currently recovering against the us dollar. there is a crucial connecting trend line formed with support at $7,350 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair may perhaps move higher towards the $7,850 resistance and the 100 hourly sma. bitcoin price is rebounding from the $7,426 low against the us dollar. btc/usd is likely to correct further higher towards the $7,850 resistance in the near term. bitcoin price analysisyesterday, we saw a major bearish move below $7,850 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair traded as low as $7,462 and later corrected higher. however, upsides were capped by the $7,600 level and the price declined once again., title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd rebounding towards $7,850 barrier, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Could Recover Further, bleu=0.1274
summarize:after charlie lee bears, ltc sellers are picking up from where they left. not only did they close lower but that multi-level support break out is significant. will sell pressure continue? definitely and judging from the kind of statement yesterday, volatility might slow down but we all know sellers are in charge. let’s have a look at other alt coin chartsnem bear break out clear in the daily chartxemusd 4hr chart for january 17, 2018for us to get a gist of nem price action, let’s move our analysis to the daily chart. here, you notice that last week’s double bar bear reversal pattern is on course and it is likely that bears will confirm that sell pressure. i mean, it can’t be rocket science to know why. check out that close below middle bb which we have known to be our support and the, title=ltc sellers break below $200 after peaking at $400 35 days ago, summary=ltc Price Watch: Will Sell Pressure Continue?, bleu=0.0274
summarize:fomo momentsmid-week and markets have turned red once again as asia leads the selloff. bitcoin is leading the rout by sliding 4% on the day, and we are returning to the patterns witnessed in the second half of last year when all altcoins simply follow the lead of their big brother. the entire top 25 is in the red with just one cryptocurrency showing green during the morning trading session in asia, and that is vechain. according to coinmarketcap ven is trading 3.5% higher on the day when all other altcoins have lost value. from $4.56 this time yesterday the token is up to $4.75 today, not a great deal but significant in that it is the only one higher than yesterday at the moment. vechain has had a very good month climbing over 28% with a high of $7 on feb 20. the three month chart looks even better as, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is vechain, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: vechain, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple and Stellar Lumens, bleu=0.0313
summarize:eth/usdethereum rallied a bit during the trading session on thursday, after bouncing from a significant trend line. it did struggle at the $1100 level from what i see, so having said that i am a bit cautious. if we can break above the $1100 level, then i think we could go bit higher, perhaps as high as $1300 level. the lack of volume continues to be a serious problem, as rallies continue to be very light. because of this, i am a bit cautious, so i would be very slow to add to any long positions. i suspect that this could be a bit of a "dead cat bounce.” eth/btcethereum markets rallied a bit against bitcoin, but on almost no volume. because of this, it appears that the market is entering a consolidation phase, somewhere between, title=ethereum analysis january 19, 2018, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Could Break $1300, bleu=0.0
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is on another day of declines, possibly setting its sights on longer-term support zones. price has already closed below the 50 sma to reflect a pickup in selling pressure. the next downside target might be the yearly lows or the bottom of the falling wedge on the daily chart. bitcoin price appears to be setting its sights on the bottom of the falling wedge pattern visible on the daily time frame. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma to confirm that the path of least resistance is to the downside or that the selloff is more likely to continue than to reverse. bitcoin price has also slumped below the 50 sma to signal a pickup in selling momentum. rsi has reached oversold conditions, though, so there may be some exhaustion among bears. similarly stochastic is in the over, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: aiming for wedge bottom?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – rsi, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, EOS, BTC/USD Downsides, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightseth price could not stay above the $508-512 support area and nosedived against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted crucial bearish trend line with current resistance at $512 is intact on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is now trading well below the $490 level and it remains in a bearish zone. ethereum price declined sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is currently trading well below $490, and it could even break the $466 low. ethereum price declinethere were further downsides in eth price from well above $520 against the us dollar. the price declined and broke a crucial support at $508-512. it opened the doors for more losses and the price fell below the $500, $490 and $480 levels. a low was formed at $466 before the price, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd getting crushed, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $466, bleu=0.1261
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin has formed lower highs and higher lows to trade inside a symmetrical triangle pattern on its 1-hour chart. zooming out to longer-term time frames shows that this might be a bearish flag continuation pattern. price is nearing the peak of the formation to signal that a breakout in either direction is due soon. bitcoin price is consolidating inside a short-term symmetrical triangle pattern as bulls and bears wait for more decisive clues. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma on this time frame to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this means that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. the 100 sma has held as dynamic resistance as well. however, the gap between the moving averages has narrowed significantly to signal a slowdown in bearish, title=bitcoin (btc) price watch: eyes on this consolidation pattern, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Bearish Flag Continue?, bleu=0.0
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price moved a few points above $700, but it failed to gain momentum against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted important bearish trend line was broken with resistance at $708 on the hourly chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair failed to gain traction and it could move back below $700 in the near term. bitcoin cash price failed to recover above $720 against the us dollar. bch/usd may perhaps resume its slide for more losses below $700. bitcoin cash price supportyesterday, there was a minor upside move initiated from the $688 swing low in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair tested the 76.4% fib retracement level of the last wave from the $664 low to $780 high. later, it started an upside move and traded above the $700, title=bitcoin cash price analysis: bch/usd’s failed upside attempt, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Recover Below $700, bleu=0.0568
summarize:fomo momentslooking at the top 25 cryptos during today’s asian trading session a clear winner has once again emerged. markets have failed to gain momentum over the past couple of days and have largely been trading sideways. the top ten by market capacity are all in the red and only raiblocks is showing solid gains. according to coinmarketcap xrb is up almost 22% in the past 24 hours. after a week of down trending from a high of $20 it has made a comeback from a reversal at $13 yesterday and is currently heading back upwards trading at $17.63 at the time of writing. news that the launch of its underlying product, the raiexchange, is imminent would have caused the renewed interest in this altcoin. people have been waiting patiently for the exchange to come online and according to the raiexchange twitter feed, title=the leading altcoin of the moment – raiblocks, summary=Asian Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0
summarize:key highlightsripple price is consolidating in a tight range above the $0.6400 support against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted contracting triangle with current support at $0.6450 is still active on the hourly chart (data source from kraken). the pair is likely approaching a breakout either above the $0.6900 level or below $0.6400 support. ripple price is preparing for the next move against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to break higher above $0.6900 if buyers take control. ripple price resistancethere was no major move above the $0.6800 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the price remained in a tight range above the $0.6400 support and it seems like it is preparing for the next move. the recent low was formed at $0.6473 before the price moved back above $0.6500. it traded above the 23.6% fib retracement level, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd approaching breakout, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.6900, bleu=0.0403
summarize:bitcoin price key highlightsbitcoin price is still on a downtrend on its 1-hour chart, moving below a descending trend line. price could be due for a pullback to the falling resistance, which lines up with the fib levels. technical indicators are suggesting that the selloff could carry on. bitcoin price is exhibiting some bearish momentum and could draw more selling pressure on a correction. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term 200 sma on the 1-hour chart to signal that the path of least resistance is to the downside. this suggests that the downtrend is more likely to continue than to reverse. the gap between the moving averages is also widening to reflect a pickup in selling momentum. the 100 sma lines up with the 38.2% fibonacci retracement level to add to its strength as resistance. a larger pullback to, title=bitcoin price watch: will the bearish moves continue?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Could a Pullback Continue?, bleu=0.042
summarize:key highlightsripple price started a fresh downside wave from $1.3438 and moved below $1.2500 against the us dollar. there was a break below a key bullish trend line with support at $1.2150 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from simplefx). the pair is currently heading lower and it may soon retest the $1.1250 support area. ripple price is currently back in the bearish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could extend declines towards the $1.1250 and $0.8500 support levels. ripple price resistanceafter a decent recovery above $1.3000, ripple price faced sellers on the upside against the us dollar. the price traded as high as $1.3438 and it later started a downside wave. it traded lower and broke the 38.2% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $1., title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd bearish toward $1.1250, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Retest $1.1250, bleu=0.0805
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined recently and broke the $9,300 support against the us dollar. there is a crucial bearish trend line in place with resistance at $9,150 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must stay above the $8,990 and $8,870 support levels to avoid further losses. bitcoin price is struggling to gain upside momentum above $9,200 against the us dollar. however, btc/usd is holding a major support near $9,000, which is a positive sign. bitcoin price supportsthere was a start of a fresh downside wave in bitcoin price from the $9,900 resistance zone against the us dollar. the price declined and broke many supports such as $9,500 and $9,300. the decline was such that the price settled below the $9,500 support and the 100 hourly simple moving average. it even spiked, title=bitcoin price watch: can btc/usd hold this support?, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Holding Major Support, bleu=0.1274
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price declined below $7,260 and moved into a bearish zone against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance at $7,320 on the 4-hours chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must clear the $7,260 and $7,320 resistances to move back in a positive zone. bitcoin price tuned bearish with a close below $7,260 against the us dollar. btc/usd’s upsides remain capped near the $7,260 and $7,320 levels in the near term. bitcoin price upside hurdlesthis past week, there was a sharp downside move from well above $7,600 in bitcoin price against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair declined and broke the $7,500 and $7,260 support levels to move into a bearish zone. it even, title=bitcoin price weekly analysis: btc/usd remains sell on rallies, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.1279
summarize:fomo momentscurrent performing altcoins are decred, verge, digibyte and mixin. crypto markets are predictably sideways again as we enter the weekend. the bounces are getting smaller indicating that a breakout could be imminent. bitcoin has made no movements in the past 24 hours and remains at $7,670. likewise with ethereum which is hovering around the $600 mark where it has been for the past few days. altcoins are a mixed bag with half gaining small amounts and half losing them. none in the top 25 have posted any significant gains so we have to go beyond it to find decred trading well today. cmc reports that dcr is up 5% on the day to $108 from $103 this time yesterday. currently at 28th position this altcoin has had a solid week where it has climbed 11% from $97 this time last, title=asian cryptocurrency trading update: decred creeps up in sideways market, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: Decred, Verge, ethereum and Mixin Up 5%, bleu=0.0284
summarize:key highlightsada price started a fresh downside move from the $0.1750 swing high against the us dollar (tethered). there is a crucial bearish trend line forming with resistance at $0.1600 on the hourly chart of the ada/usd pair (data feed via bittrex). the pair may perhaps continue to move down towards the $0.1550 and $0.1505 support levels. cardano price failed to move higher and declined against the us dollar and bitcoin. ada/usd is likely to extend the current decline towards the $0.1505 level. cardano price analysisthis past week, there was a minor upside recovery from the $0.1460 swing low in ada price against the us dollar. the price climbed above the $0.1500 and $0.1600 resistance levels, but it failed to hold gains. a top was formed around the $0.1740 level before the, title=cardano price analysis: ada/usd is in downtrend, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – ada/usd Could Continue Downtrend, bleu=0.1395
summarize:eth/usdethereum markets drifted lower during the day again on tuesday, reaching towards the $900 level. there is an uptrend line underneath that could offer support, but at this market breaks down below the $800 level, look out below. at that point, i would expect to see this market reach towards the $600 level. alternately, if we can break above the $1000 level with strong volume, we could see a recovery in price. eth/btcethereum markets went sideways during the trading session against bitcoin again on tuesday, as both crypto currencies are struggling. we are currently consolidating between 0.08 on the bottom, and 0.10 on the top. because of this, i am staying out of this market and waiting for some type of impulsive move to get involved. thanks for watching, i’ll be back tomorrow., title=ethereum analysis january 24, 2018, summary=eth/btcethereum Market Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:of all the 5 alt coins under our radar, monero and ltc have distinct accumulation characteristics after periods of lower lows. in my view, our key support lines especially in neo is being tested and while the depreciation or breakaways are not yet visible, that might happen today if $85 is smashed. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd bittrex daily chart for march 13, 2018after yesterday’s bear candlestick and relative swings over the last couple of days, lumens prices are basically in an accumulation. the more prices oscillate like this, the longer the bb squeeze and the stronger the break out. considering this boring technical development, our forecast remains the same and all we have to do is play the patience game as we wait for a possible break above or below. of course, it would be, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, monero and lumens, summary=Bitcoin Price Watch: XLM, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS, Poloniex: Technical Analysis March 13, 2018, bleu=0.0233
summarize:key pointsbitcoin price started a downward correction after trading as high as $7,605 against the us dollar. there was a break below a key ascending channel with support at $7,420 on the hourly chart of the btc/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the btc/usd pair may perhaps correct further lower towards the $7,200 and $7,120 support levels. bitcoin price struggled near the $7,580 level against the us dollar. btc/usd is correcting lower, but it remains supported above the $7,100 level. bitcoin price analysisbitcoin price traded a few points above the $7,550 resistance against the us dollar. the btc/usd pair tested the $7,600 area where sellers prevented further upsides. a high was formed at $7,605 before the price started a downside correction. it declined, title=bitcoin price watch: btc/usd correcting gains, summary=Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – btc/usd Remains Supported, bleu=0.1562
summarize:key highlightsripple price is currently under a lot of pressure and is currently trading below $1.70 against the us dollar. there is a short-term bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1.7050 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently correcting higher, but it faces a lot of barriers on the upside such as $1.70 and $1.80. ripple price is in a downtrend against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to remain in the bearish zone as long as it is below $1.90. ripple price trendthere was a lot of pressure on ripple price as it failed to remain above the $2.00-2.10 support against the us dollar. the price declined and it recently moved below the $1.80 support area. the decline was severe as the $1.70 support also failed, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd under immense pressure, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Hold $1.70, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightsripple price is under a lot of pressure as it moved below the $0.7000 support against the us dollar. this week’s highlighted monster contracting triangle pattern with support near $0.7500 was broken on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently trading above the $0.6000 level, but it remains at a risk of more losses. ripple price fell sharply against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd could extend declines in the near term as long as it is below the $0.7000 level. ripple price resistancebuyers failed to initiate an upside move above $0.8200 in ripple price against the us dollar. as a result, there was a downside move and the price dropped below a major support at $0.7700. more importantly, this week’s highlighted monster contracting triangle pattern with support near $0.7500 was broken on the, title=ripple price technical analysis – xrp/usd could test $0.50?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.7000, bleu=0.041
summarize:key highlightseth price remained in a tight range above the $400 support level against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bearish trend line is intact with resistance at $410 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair has to move past $410 and the 100 hourly simple moving average to gain upside momentum. ethereum price currently consolidating against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is stable above $400, but it is facing many barriers near the $410 level. ethereum price resistancethere was no major move above the $415 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair traded in a tight range above the $400 level with a few positive moves. yesterday, there was a minor upside move above the $405 level. however, the upside move faced sellers near the $410-412 area, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd consolidating above $400, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Remains Above $400, bleu=0.1585
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price rose sharply this week and traded above $32.00 against the us dollar before correcting lower. there was a break below a connecting bullish trend line with support at $33.00 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via simplefx). the pair may correct a few points, but the overall trend is positive above the $30.00 level. ethereum classic price is placed nicely in the bullish zone against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd could move down a few points, but it remains supported on the downside. ethereum classic price uptrendthere were nasty gains in etc price from the $25.00 swing low against the us dollar. the price was able to move above the $28.00 and $30.00 resistance levels. the upside move was strong as the price traded as high as $35.44. later, a downside wave was initiated and, title=eth classic price technical analysis – etc/usd could correct lower, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Remains Positive, bleu=0.0407
summarize:key highlightseth price traded higher recently and broke the $470 resistance zone against the us dollar. there is a key connecting bullish trend line formed with support at $465 on the 4-hours chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is likely to move above the $490 and $500 resistance level to gain upside momentum. ethereum price is placed in a bullish zone versus the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains supported on the downside near the $470 and $462 levels. ethereum price supportthis past week, there were a couple of swing moves towards $455 level in eth price against the us dollar. the eth/usd pair tested the $450-455 zone where buyers were successful in defending losses. during the decline, there was a break below the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last, title=ethereum price weekly analysis: eth/usd eyeing further upsides, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/usd Could Break $470, bleu=0.1261
summarize:cardano price key highlightscarano recently broke above a descending trend line to signal a reversal from the downtrend. price found resistance at 0.2400 and could be due for a pullback before heading higher. applying the fibonacci retracement tool shows the next support levels. cardano is pulling back to gather more bullish momentum after its upside break from a descending trend line. technical indicators signalsthe 100 sma is below the longer-term-200 sma to signal that the path of least resistance is still to the downside. this means that the selloff is more likely to resume than to reverse. price is also trading below the 100 sma dynamic inflection point to signal the presence of bearish pressure. rsi is also on the move down to confirm that sellers have the upper hand. stochastic is also heading south so ad, title=cardano (ada) price watch: watch out for this reversal breakout correction, summary=Cardano Price Technical Analysis – Can rsi Recover?, bleu=0.0
summarize:fomo momentswhen crypto markets start to fall they fall fast. the past five days have seen a slow downtrend forming which accelerated in the last few hours. total market capitalization is once again below $420 billion and falling. key support for bitcoin at $9k was broken and it has dropped almost 4% on the day to trade at $8,980 with further declines looking likely. in a time tested formula altcoins have all been battered by greater percentages during asian trade this morning. everything in the top 25 is in the red at the moment so we have to go beyond it to find a green coin and currently it is 0x. this is the first time we have featured zrx and it has been on a charge since the beginning of april. coinmarketcap is reporting a 3.2% gain for this altcoin which is impressive when everything else is falling, title=asian cryptocurrency trading roundup: 0x the only altcoin in the green, summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: zrx, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Stellar Lumens, Poloniex, BTC, EOS, Monero, bleu=0.0173
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price failed to gain momentum above the $540 level and declined against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line formed with resistance near $535 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair must stay above the $500 and $510 support levels to avoid a downside break in the near term. bitcoin cash price is showing a few bearish signs below $540 against the us dollar. bch/usd could make the next break either above $540 or below $500. bitcoin cash price resistancethere was a strong buying interest emerged above the $500 level in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the bch/usd pair slowly moved higher and traded above the $520 resistance. there was also a break above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last decline from the $573 high to $509 low, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd reaching crucial juncture, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Break $500, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to move higher and declined below the $0.9000 support against the us dollar. there is a connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $0.9100 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently at a risk of more declines below the $0.8800 and $0.8600 support levels. ripple price is struggling to gain upside momentum against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is testing the $0.8800 support and it decline further in the near term. ripple price resistancethere was a minor upside move from the $0.8900 swing low in ripple price against the us dollar. the price traded higher, but it was not able to break the $0.9100 resistance. it also failed to near the 100 hourly simple moving average and declined below $0.9000. there was an hourly close below the $0.90, title=ripple price technical analysis – can xrp/usd hold this?, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.9000, bleu=0.0403
summarize:key highlightsripple price failed to move above the $0.4750 resistance and declined against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line in place with resistance near $0.4600 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair could accelerate declines below $0.4300 and it may even trade to a new low in the near term. ripple price is facing a heavy selling interest against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is likely to decline further below the $0.4300 and $0.4200 levels. ripple price supportyesterday, there was a minor upside correction above the $0.4600 level in ripple price against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair even traded above the $0.4700 level. however, the upside move was capped by the $0.4750 resistance. the price was rejected, resulting in a downside, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd targets fresh lows, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Could Break $0.4300, bleu=0.1261
summarize:key highlightsripple price held the $0.4270 support and recovered nicely against the us dollar. there is a short-term connecting bullish trend line in place with support at $0.4370 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently declining, but it remains nicely supported near the $0.4350 and $0.4270 levels. ripple price jumped higher yesterday against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd is placed in a positive zone as long as it is above $0.4270. ripple price trendafter a major decline below the $0.4300 level, ripple price found support near $0.4270 against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair formed a base and started an upward move above $0.4400. it even broke the $0.4500 level and the 100 hourly simple moving average. however, it failed to hold gains above, title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd’s buy zone near $0.4350, summary=Ripple Price Technical Analysis – xrp/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0687
summarize:key highlightseth price recently traded above the $860 level, but it failed to gain momentum against the us dollar. there was a break below a short term contracting triangle with support at $852 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair may decline a few points in the near term, but it remains supported above the $810 level. ethereum price is currently correcting lower against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd remains supported on the downside near the $820 and $810 levels. ethereum price correctionthere was a decent upside move in eth price above the $850 level against the us dollar. the price traded above the $860 level as well, but it failed to move past the $865 level. it faced tiny sell offers and started a downside correction from $865. it broke the 23.6% fib re, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd remains supported, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Remains Supported, bleu=0.1562
summarize:as nem tests $1.5, other high cap alt coins continue to consolidate. iota leads the pack while dash and ltc follow closely but all of them wide lower and upper limits. as for lumens, buyers can only take charge the moment they satisfactorily close above $0.7. let’s have a look at other alt coin chartsnem tests $1.5 and turn lowerxemusd 4hr chart for january 15, 2018the swings continue with nem. last week’s was a fruitful week for sellers and as prices continue to consolidate at around key support levels, we shall be watching two levels defined before last week. that is how price action reacts at $1.13 and $1.33. depending on how prices react, $1.13 will be our main support line. on the contrary, if there is a bounce, then double bottoms will form especially, title=nem tests $1.5 and turn lower. is there a double bottoms?, summary=iota, Dash, Litecoin, Lumens, Poloniex: nem, LTC, IOTA Technical Analysis, Jan. 15, 2018, bleu=0.0196
summarize:dash/usddash continues to go sideways in general, with the $1000 level being a "floor”, while the $1200 level offers massive resistance. because of this, drilling down to short-term charts for back and forth trading is probably the best way to go. longer-term, it’ll be interesting to see if we can break above the vital $1300 level, which would lead to a massive leg higher. ltc/usdlitecoin continues to do nothing as well, hanging about the $250 level. i think there is going to be a continued consolidation effort between the $200 level on the bottom and the $300 level on the top. the meantime, back and forth trading could be done in this market as well, but quite frankly it’s not volatile enough to warrant risking any trading capital. i suspect staying on the sidelines will probably be the best way to handle litecoin in, title=dash and litecoin analysis january 10, 2018, summary=ltc/usdlitecoin Technical Analysis – Can LiteCoin Break $1300?, bleu=0.0
summarize:there is a flicker of hope at-least in the short term and if we consider yesterday’s shift in momentum across these liquid alt coins then there is a probability of higher highs today. however, we cannot discount chances of prices crashing yesterday’s lows and under-extension in ltc, monero, lumens, neo and eos. any break below and the week should end with bears firmly in control. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usd (stellar lumens)xlm/usd bittrex 4hr chart for march 16, 2018investors are offloading cryptos en-mass and while the depreciation continues, lumens took a hit losing 10% on top of what it lost on wednesday. this effectively means that within 2 days, title=neo, eos, ltc, monero, lumens: technical analysis march 16, 2018, summary=Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis for March 16, 2018, bleu=0.0822
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price remains in a downtrend and is currently below $1,000 against the us dollar. there is a major bearish trend line forming with resistance at $1,080 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from simplefx). the pair is under bearish pressure and it may continue to move down towards $850-900 in the near term. bitcoin cash price is in a bearish trend below $1,000 against the us dollar. bch/usd may find it hard to recover in the near term as long as it is below $1,100. bitcoin cash price trendthis past week was mostly bearish since bitcoin cash price declined by more than $250 against the us dollar. the price declined and traded below a few important support levels such as $1,200, $1,120 and $1,000. it even traded below the $960 support and traded as low as $905. later, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis – bch/usd in downtrend, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – BCH/USD Could Recover, bleu=0.0446
summarize:what is visible today is usually what to expect following moves as february 26 price action. there we saw a couple of coins breaking key resistant levels and some like eos bouncing off break out lines signaling a new wave of buyers and a definite shift of momentum. while this remains valid as long as previous supports remain as it is, this current retracement is a window for buyers to buy on dips. such opportunities exist for iota and eos. ltc needs to move lower say to $180 or retest the middle bb before we recommend buys. let’s have a look at these charts:xlm/usdxlm/usd daily chart for march 1, 2018in the 4hr chart, lumens are in an obvious range moving between $0.30 and $0.38. the upper limit, $0.38 remains our level, title=altcoin analysis: neo, eos, ltc, iota and lumens, summary=iota, eos and Litecoin Price Analysis: XLM/USD Could Retest $180, bleu=0.0661
summarize:fomo momentsthe markets have continued correcting during the asian trading session this morning. bitcoin continues with its slow sell off but the some of the altcoins seem to be accelerating downwards at a faster rate. btc seems to have found support at $10,500 and has headed upwards slightly however it is still down around 2% on the day. most altcoins are also down except one which is pretty rampant right now, and that is nano. nano is the rebranded version of raiblocks and according to coinmarketcap it is trading 26% higher on the day. from a low of just under $7 yesterday nano (previously xrb) is nudging towards $10 today with a spurt that started a couple of hours ago. it had been down trending all week from a high of $10.02 until today when it has spiked back up to, title=asian altcoin trading roundup: top cryptocurrency is nano, summary=Asian Altcoin Trading Roundup: btc, XRP, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Stellar Lumens, NEO, EOS: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0151
summarize:key highlightseth price was under a lot of pressure and it declined below the $1300 and $1275 supports against the us dollar. there are two bearish trend lines forming with resistances at $1276 and $1320 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair is currently recovering, but it could face sellers near the $1276 and $1290 levels. ethereum price made a downside move against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd is now well below $1300 and is currently in a bearish zone. ethereum price resistancesyesterday, we saw how there was an increase in the bearish sentiment from $1374 in eth price against the us dollar. the price started a new downside wave and moved below a couple of important support levels such as $1320 and $1300. moreover, there was a break below, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd declined below $1275, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Recover Below $1300, bleu=0.1236
summarize:with a $50 billion market cap, ethereum is the second largest cryptocurrency in the world. as it stands, development and adoption fundamentals are on point. that’s what advises our long term projection of the coin. in the short to medium term though, it’s likely that eth would add on to its seven percent week over week losses. let’s look at the chartfrom the newsat almost 75 percent down from their aths, a lot of weak hands are out of the market. by all accounts, that’s understandable. after all, most of these guys buying and selling at current prices are merchants or traders playing the market for some quick profit. what you should know though is the long term stand of blockchain, ethereum as the genesis of smart contract and your investment style. all thing constant and as it stands, ethereum is but a quality network. then again, in, title=“sec endorsement cements ethereum’s stellar reputation as a quality network”:ethereum (eth) technical analysis (june 19, 2018), summary=Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: eth Could Add on to 7 percent Week Over Week Losses, bleu=0.0183
summarize:key highlightseth price traded higher and broke a major resistance at $385 against the us dollar. there is a new connecting bullish trend line forming with support at $402 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is currently correcting lower, but it is likely to find support near $402 and $400. ethereum price is placed nicely against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may continue to move higher as long as it is above the $400 level. ethereum price supportthere was a decent buy zone formed near the $370 zone in eth price against the us dollar. the price started an upside move and traded above the $385 and $390 resistance levels. there was also a break above the $400 level, which cleared the path for more gains. it is now placed nicely above the $400 support and the 100 hourly simple moving, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd eyes more gains, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $400, bleu=0.1261
summarize:fomo momentsthe carnage on the crypto markets has continued this morning. asian trading is bleak and everyone is selling, it looks like the mass media is winning the battle and reveling in a falling cryptocurrencies. or it could be a prelude to chinese new year, markets fall every year during these months though this time around it is a harder fall from a higher height. looking through the charts for a winning altcoin is not easy when everything is red. one of the few altcoins enjoying some upward motion today is dentacoin. dcn has had a little revival over the past 24 hours and is trading 23% higher than the same time yesterday. the dentistry based token is extremely undervalued at the moment, it shot to an all-time high of $0.0082 on january 8 which admittedly doesn’t sound that great., title=morning asian trading roundup: the leading altcoin is dentacoin, summary=Asian Cryptocurrency Trading Roundup: Top Altcoin is DentaCoin, bleu=0.0507
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price after trading as high as $2948 started a new downside wave against the us dollar. there was a break below a short-term bullish trend line with support at $2560 on the hourly chart of bch/usd (data feed from kraken). the pair is now back in the bearish zone below $2600 and the 100 hourly simple moving average. bitcoin cash price reversed all its gains from the $2950 high against the us dollar. bch/usd is now below $2600 and is showing a few bearish signs. bitcoin cash price resistanceit was a bullish run yesterday from the $2550 swing low in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price traded above the $2800 level and formed a high at $2948. later, it faced a lot of selling pressure and the price tumbled below the $2700 and $2600 support levels., title=bitcoin cash price technical analysis, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Remains Bullish, bleu=0.0
summarize:although we are yet to see confirmations, the fact that most alt coin prices as litecoin, iota, eos and to some degree stellar lumens are stable and trading within tight ranges means bear pressure is slowing down. well, it may be a coincidence because this week marks the end of bearish june where pull backs are common. we shall nonetheless take the optimistic approach waiting for prices to edge past key resistance line forming a spring board for further gains in the second half of the year. let’s have a look at these charts:eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewat long last, the confusion, criticism and "centralization” calls are subsiding all thanks to a decision made by dan larimer, the cto of eos. one thing should be clear: that eos is a unique blockchain, title=dan larimer: “wise men plan for civilized dispute resolution before it happens” :eos, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron and iota technical analysis, summary=eos Technical Analysis: Litecoin, iota, Stellar Lumens, IOTA, EOS and Bitcoin Cash, bleu=0.0219
summarize:news of eosio block producer agreement to increase on a yearly basis the size of network ram is exciting for dapp developers and eos holders. ram-as we have seen-is a sensitive subject if we can relive recent debates. aside from eos, iota and stellar lumens (xlm) are registering decent gains while litecoin and tron retest important resistance lines. eos technical analysiseos daily chart by trading viewat long last, there has been a ratification from eos block producers allowing for expansion of available ram. by all accounts, this is a reprieve and it something that the community desired all along. remember, in the eos network, ram is treated as a commodity. therefore, eos is subject to, title=iota, litecoin, stellar lumens, tron, eos technical analysis: stellar and iota add $800 million in the last 24 hours, summary=eosio Block Producers to Increase Network ram by a Year: Technical Analysis, bleu=0.0123
summarize:key pointsbitcoin cash price remained under pressure and declined below the $1,000 support against the us dollar. there is a monster bearish trend line in place with resistance near $1,060 on the 4-hours chart of the bch/usd pair (data feed from kraken). the pair is likely to decline further and it could even break the last swing low of $948 in the near term. bitcoin cash price is in a bearish trend below $1,080 against the us dollar. bch/usd remains at a risk of more declines towards the $920 and $850 levels. bitcoin cash price declinethis past week, there were sharp declines from the $1,100 swing high in bitcoin cash price against the us dollar. the price declined and broke a few important support levels such as $1,050 and $1,000. it traded towards the $950 level before starting an upside correction. a low was, title=bitcoin cash price weekly analysis: bch/usd’s downtrend intact, summary=Bitcoin Cash Price Technical Analysis – bch/usd Could Break $948, bleu=0.0618
summarize:ripple the company and xrp the native coin within the rtxp protocol is having it rough from both planes—fundamentally and technically. week over week, it is down 40 percent and shedding more than 85 percent from dec 2017 peaks. if it continues this way—and specifically if the sec says the coin is a security–then we might see xrp printing 2 cents in days to come. this is regardless of the near decentralization strategy in place that has since reduced ripple control to 48 percent in their unl list. from the newsthere is this thorn call centralization that ripple the company is trying hard to lodge out. every tom and dick always pulls the centralization card when cornered but with the company’s decentralization strategy in place, xrp is on course of becoming the most decentralized coin in the crypto space, title=xrp technical analysis: ripple and xrp ace-ing the near impossible, summary=xrp, rtxp and Ripple: XRP’s Decentralization Strategy Isn’t Working, bleu=0.0493
summarize:key highlightseth price extended declines and it recently traded below the $680 support against the us dollar. there is a major connecting bearish trend line forming with resistance at $720 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via simplefx). the pair may not even correct higher and it is likely to extend declines below the $650 level. ethereum price declined substantially against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd may continue to decline and it could even test the $600 level. ethereum price bearish biasthere was no relief for buyers since eth price failed to move above the $800 level against the us dollar. the price started a fresh downside wave and tumbled below the $750 and $720 support levels. the decline was such that the price even broke the $680 support level. it seems like the price is under a lot of bearish pressure and, title=ethereum price technical analysis – eth/usd slides below $680, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $650, bleu=0.1355
summarize:key highlightsethereum classic price topped near $18.54 and declined below the $17.60 support against the us dollar. there is a short-term bearish trend line forming with resistance at $17.60 on the hourly chart of the etc/usd pair (data feed via kraken). the pair may continue to decline and it could retest the $16.80 and $16.60 support levels. ethereum classic price is currently under pressure against the us dollar and bitcoin. etc/usd may decline further towards the last swing low of $16.60. ethereum classic price declinerecently, there was a nice upside move above $18.00 in etc price against the us dollar. the etc/usd pair traded towards $18.50-60 where sellers emerged. as a result, the price started a downside move and declined below the $18.00 and $17.80 support levels, title=ethereum classic price analysis: etc/usd could decline further, summary=Ethereum Classic Price Technical Analysis – eTC/USD Could Retest $16.60, bleu=0.0309
summarize:key highlightsripple price traded further higher and almost tested the $0.5250 resistance against the us dollar. there is a new bearish trend line in place with resistance at $0.4850 on the hourly chart of the xrp/usd pair (data source from kraken). the pair is currently holding an important support near $0.4750, which was a resistance earlier. ripple price is trading near key supports against the us dollar and bitcoin. xrp/usd must stay above the $0.4700-0.4750 support to resume its upside move. ripple price supportyesterday, there were further gains in ripple price above the $0.5000 level against the us dollar. the xrp/usd pair gained momentum and broke the $0.5100 resistance. it traded close to the $0.5250 resistance before sellers appeared. a high was formed at $0.5196 and the price started a downside correction. it declined below the $0., title=ripple price analysis: xrp/usd’s resistance turned support, summary=xrp/usd Price Technical Analysis – XRP/USD Could Break $0.5250, bleu=0.0568
summarize:key highlightseth price found a strong support around the $525 level and recovered against the us dollar. yesterday’s highlighted important bullish trend line is intact with support at $518 on the hourly chart of eth/usd (data feed via kraken). the pair is likely to continue higher and it may perhaps target a new high above the $545 level. ethereum price is trading with a positive bias against the us dollar and bitcoin. eth/usd could accelerate gains above the $545 and $548 levels in the near term. ethereum price upside moveafter a downside correction below $530, eth price found support against the us dollar. the price tested the $520-525 support zone and recovered nicely. there was a decent base formed near the 50% fib retracement level of the last leg from the $485 swing low to $548 high. more importantly,, title=ethereum price analysis: eth/usd targets new highs, summary=Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – eth/USD Could Break $545, bleu=0.0677
summarize:fundamentally, xrp prices should to be skyrocketing and there are hints of that because on a weekly basis, xrp is up 26 percent. however, when we take a closer look in the daily chart, it appears as if sellers are still in charge rebuffing bullish attempts above 35 cents and even 40 cents, our main resistance line. in any case, news of ripple product merger would go a long way in boosting prices especially now that testing of xrapid has been a success,from the newsthree high liquid and community trusted exchanges bittrex of the us, bitso of mexico and coins.ph of the philippines are joining hands building a working ecosystem around xrapid where xrp, an on demand liquidity tool will used to facilitate cross border payment across the three countries. by, title=xrp technical analysis: ripple’s cto david schwartz a proud bitcoin hodler, summary=xrp Price Technical Analysis – XRP, Bittrex and Bito Join Hands, bleu=0.0339